ZIFF DAVIS , INC.
PRIVACY POLICY Ziff Davis , Inc .
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes what information Ziff Davis and certain third parties gather , how we collect it , our information sharing practices , how users may change the way their information is collected and more .
Part
1- ' Personal Information ' Personal Information generally means information which might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name , address , age , credit card details , email and phone number .
We collect such personal information when you provide it to us , such as when you : Subscribe to the PC Magazine Digital Edition Register with any of our Ziff Davis B2B sites including Toolbox.com Purchase software license or a product Sign up for email newsletters or white papers Enter a sweepstakes Register for site membership including My IGN Participate in surveys Create a profile or Otherwise communicate with us .
Several of the services that we offer require registration as a condition of use .
We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and add it to the information you have provided to us .
Please note that Ziff Davis is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in our forums , blogs , wikis , chat rooms , or other publicly accessible interaction , or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas that allow users to upload or post content .
We discourage users from posting personally identifiable information in this fashion , and any personally identifiable information you post to these areas is not covered by this Policy .
You can change your publicly available information at any time via your profile page .
Part
2- Other Information We Collect : Web Beacons
are electronic files that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies .
When you receive email messages or newsletters from us , we may use web beacons , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information .
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard disk by a Web page server .
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Like many other web sites , Ziff Davis sites use cookies to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience .
We may use a cookie to identify members so they do not have to re-enter a user ID and password when they wish to download a utility , post to a discussion , or sign into an account .
As another example , cookies can be used to control the number of times you see advertisements , like pop-ups .
By allowing us to better understand how users interact with the site over time , cookies can also help us improve your experience and deliver more relevant content to you .
Cookies may be created directly by our sites for these purposes , or by third-party companies operating on our behalf .
Pixel Tags , also known as clear gifs , beacons , spotlight tags or web bugs , are a method for passing information from the user 's computer to a third party Web site .
Used in conjunction with cookies , Ziff Davis may use pixel tags to improve our understanding of site traffic , visitor behavior , and response to promotional campaigns .
Pixel tags are also used as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement , and are sometimes used in conjunction with small Javascript-based applications .
We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies for the same purpose .
We use clear gifs in our HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
You need not have cookies turned on to visit all of our sites , though cookies may be required in order for you to participate in certain areas .
If you choose to become a member of certain Ziff Davis websites , you must have cookies enabled to access any member related pages ( i.e. , Discussion Boards , Member Profile pages , Search for a Member ) .
IP Addresses are a unique string of numbers that identifies each computer attached to the Internet .
We use IP Addresses to analyze trends , administer our web sites , track users ' movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses that we collect are sometimes linked to personally identifiable information .
We use registration and email addresses that you provide together with IP Addresses and other information we collect as described in this policy , to understand our customer base and to market services and products to our customers .
Third Parties .
To improve the quality of the some of our services , we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties .
For example , if you access My IGN ( my.ign.com ) or IGN content through third party services ( such as Roku or Hulu ) through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or user name associated with that third-party service , or any information you have made public in connection with that service or which the third party shares with us .
Statistical Reports and Mailing Lists
The aggregate statistics that describe our online audience , which are often based on the information you provide when you subscribe , register , or browse our sites , help us sell advertising and otherwise publicize Ziff Davis and our brands .
In addition , we make certain information such as the name of our users , their mailing address , phone number , email addresses , and - in certain circumstances - their employer 's name , company size and other industry data available on a rental or other basis ( e.g. sale ) to third party providers of goods and services .
To learn how you can make choices about how this information is used or shared , please visit the How You Can Change or Control
What is Collected section below .
Email Deployment , Data Analysis E-Commerce and Other Services
We provide customer lists , email addresses and other information to third party companies and contractors who provide us with specialized services , such as email message deployment , merge-purge ( identifying and removing duplicate addresses ) , subscription fulfillment , and customer support and service , research , statistical analysis , data and website hosting and other data and transaction processing .
These companies work on our behalf and we do not provide our lists or other data to them for their own , permanent use .
Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service .
They should also maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose .
Please note that we engage third party service providers for the purpose of processing sales of subscriptions , to fulfill your orders for product purchases , to honor your request to be removed from promotional mailings , or other services .
These service providers have access to or are provided with certain personal information ( including credit card information ) in order to provide us with the applicable service .
Webcasts
At times we produce and host sponsored webcasts for a variety of companies ( " Sponsors " ) .
Data collected during the registration process and the actual event may be shared with those Sponsors and others , and is governed by our policy and the third party 's privacy policy and may be used by us and the Sponsor for follow-up purposes .
Contests/Sweepstakes Data collected during the registration for contests and sweepstakes is used by us and may be shared with sponsors .
Please read the contest rules carefully before you submit your data .
Co-Branded Sites and Services
When you use a co-branded service ( a service operated with a service or site partner of Ziff Davis ) , or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site , you grant us permission to pass the information collected back to that service or site partner .
Use of your information by such partners is subject to their privacy policies as well as ours .
White Papers/
Other Sponsored Downloads Ziff Davis hosts product listings and offers informational downloads for a variety of third party vendors .
When registration is required in order to receive or view the download , some or all data collected during product registration and/or Ziff Davis web site registration may be shared with the vendor ( and other third parties ) .
Ecommerce When shopping on certain of our sites or pages , users may need to provide personally identifiable information necessary to fulfill an online order , including name , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , email address , credit card number ( with expiration date ) , and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient .
If a user creates an account , the credit card information above will not be stored under their account .
When placing an order , credit card information may be either temporarily stored on a Ziff Davis server and then immediately transferred to a secure server of a PCI compliant third party or will be immediately entered onto a secure server of a PCI compliant third party .
We partner with a number of third parties to process and fulfill orders , send transactional emails , and ensure delivery of downloads and packages .
While these third parties may have access to personal information in order to perform their duties , they are not permitted to use it for other purposes .
Online Ad Serving .
Ziff Davis and some of our advertisers use third-party advertising service companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites .
Often , these third-party advertising companies employ cookie , pixel tag and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of Web and e-mail advertisement and to create a record of interaction with our site content that they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites , or for reporting web site traffic , statistics , advertisement data and/or other activities on our sites .
We will also engage third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data .
The specific providers we use are subject to change .
As of the date of the posting of this policy , some of the current providers include DoubleClick , Omniture SiteCatalyst , comScore , and Google Analytics ( for information about how to opt out of tracking methods for these entities and others click here ) .
Personal Information .
How we use personal information is described in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties .
Emails .
We use email addresses to send offers of services or products ( and as set forth in the Section
What We Provide to Third Parties ) .
Any recipient will be able to unsubscribe from receiving these emails .
Other Information :
Ad Serving and Ziff Davis .
At times we display ads both on our network of owned and operated web sites and on non-Ziff Davis web sites .
When you visit one of our web sites or view ads that we serve off of our network elsewhere on the Internet , you may see multiple kinds of ads , such as text ads next to search results and graphical ads shown on web pages .
Sometimes these ads are based on the content of the page on which they appear .
Other times these ads are generated by matching the ad to your interests as inferred from your browsing activities collected online .
Either way , Ziff Davis tries to show you relevant ads , and to do so , we may use information we know or receive about you like your gender , location or interests .
Interest-based Ads :
We use cookies , Javascript , pixel tags and other technology to collect information about your visit ( " Online Data " ) to our sites and other third party partner websites that we do not own or operate but with whom we have agreements .
We analyze what pages you visit on our sites and the third party sites , what products or services you view , and whether you view or click on ads that are shown to you .
We use this information to send you interest based ads .
All such data is also collected anonymously , and is aggregated with other data we collect and/or similar data collected by partners to create segments , groups of users and certain general interest categories or segments that we have inferred based on ( a ) demographic or interest data , and a general geographic location derived from your IP address , ( b ) the pages you view and links you click when using our sites and services and those of our partners , and/or
( c )
the search terms you enter when using certain search services .
We use this information to get a more accurate picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more relevant to your interests .
We store page views , clicks and search terms used for ad personalization targeting separately from your contact information or other data that directly identifies you ( such as your name , e-mail address ) which we obtained as described above under Personal Information and in some situations we combine the two sets of data .
We will engage third party providers to assist with the collection , storage and segmentation of this Online Data ; and the providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information .
These efforts do not result in the collection of personally identifiable information such as name or address ; and we do not intentionally collect data that we consider to be sensitive such as health or medical information .
This data is not sold or transferred to any third party .
Except as may be set forth elsewhere in this policy , this Online Data is retained for not more than 180 days after which it shall expire except in certain situations when the same user subsequently visits one of our sites or a partner 's site in which event the 180 day period will commence again .
To allow other users to find you .
In order to locate My IGN Members that a user may already know in the physical world and/or want to get to know in the online world , we allows users to search for members using information the user already knows , such as username , full name , or gamer profile , and identifies users matching that search information .
Cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis .
You may stop or restrict cookies on your computer or purge them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences .
If you would prefer that we not collect anonymous data that may be used to help determine which advertisements to serve you , opt out by clicking this icon AdChoices
However , if you ' turn off ' , purge or disable cookies , although you may still use our websites , you may not be able to use all of the features , functions or services available on our websites .
Please click here to learn more about the use of cookies , your opt out choices , and more .
Ziff Davis supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance ( for more information click here ) , and has Evidon Inc. 's assurance platform to comply with these Principles .
As part of this service , online ads that we place using behavioral data we collect are expected to be delivered with the Advertising Option Icon ( also referred to as the Forward i ) or similar icon that helps consumers understand how their data is being used and provides choices for consumers who want more control .
Online advertisements on our sites targeted to you based on previously collected online data about you by third parties should also have the Advertising Option Icon .
This icon is also at the bottom of each of our web pages .
The Advertising Option icon provides information ( and links to other information ) on online behavioral ads , who is collecting and using your online data , how you can opt out and more .
Pixel Tags .
You can disable pixel tags by changing your browser settings to omit images and disable Javascript ; or there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements .
Updating Your Registration Information .
You can correct or change the information collected during site registration at any time at the profile page links shown below or by sending email to the addresses shown below .
Please allow five to ten business days for corrections or changes to be publicly displayed or implemented throughout our systems .
Your Newsletter Subscriptions .
You can opt-in to newsletter mailing lists , or remove yourself at any time through the newsletter subscription management page ( this page will display all of your newsletter subscriptions ) or by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters you receive .
Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect .
Your Subscription Information .
You can correct or change your PC Magazine Digital Edition subscription information and your preferences as to our ability to provide your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes click here .
Please allow two to four weeks for changes to take effect ( if you are a new subscriber , your information may not be immediately available at this URL - please allow up to four weeks from placing your subscription order for processing ) .
You can correct or change your Toolbox.com subscriptions and preferences using the account settings here .
Please note member service-related communications are an integral part of the Toolbox.com service to which you subscribe and you will continue to receive these emails as part of the Toolbox.com service .
Stop Sharing of Lists .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from the third party providers of goods and services to whom we provide lists of our customers , but here is what to do if you no longer wish for us to share this information with such providers : If you are a registered user of our sites , you can change your preferences via the following profile page links : IGN ; PCMag.com and the PCMag.com
Utility Library ; LogicBuy.com and Smart Device Central ; one of the Ziff Davis B2B Focus sites ; and for a Toolbox.com site , or send an email to ZDLegal1 @
ziffdavis.com and include ' Privacy Policy ' in the subject line .
If you provided your contact information to PCMag.com in order to download a white paper , case study or other document provided by a Ziff Davis advertiser or to enter a PCMag.com contest sponsored by a Ziff Davis advertiser , please send an email with your preference request changes to : ZDLegal1 @
ziffdavis.com and include ' Privacy Policy ' in the subject line .
Please allow up to ten business days for any changes to be implemented throughout our systems .
Change of Ownership of Ziff Davis .
Some or all personal information maintained by Ziff Davis may be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership of Ziff Davis or sale of any part of Ziff Davis .
Security .
We believe we use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to our websites secure and to only release this information to third parties that share our commitment to privacy .
However , we can not guarantee there will not be a breach and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties .
Children .
Ziff Davis web sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under 13 .
No one under age 13 should provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas , forums , and chats .
Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited from making purchases on our sites .
If , notwithstanding these prohibitions , your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , consequences may occur that are not intended for children ( e.g. , they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties ) .
Links to Other Sites .
Ziff Davis web site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours .
We do not have control over the information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected .
Compliance with Law and Other Terms .
Subject to applicable law , we reserve the right to release information concerning any user of our sites or services when we have grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or engages in ( or we have grounds to believe is engaging in ) any illegal activity , and to release information in response to court and governmental orders , other enforceable requests from government entities , civil subpoenas , discovery requests and otherwise as required by law .
We also may release information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights , property , safety or security of Ziff Davis , any of our users or the public , or to respond to an emergency .
International .
Ziff Davis operates websites hosted in the United States and , depending on your country of residence , the submission of personally identifiable information to our sites may involve some transfer of personal information to the United States .
You understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States .
You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence .
Please visit our Terms of Use page for more information concerning your use of Ziff Davis websites and other services .
The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time , and all changes will be effective at the time we post them .
If we believe there is a significant change , we may indicate on our sites that our Privacy Policy has changed .
The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy supersedes all prior versions .
Your continued access to or use of any of our sites shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy .
We urge you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you .
Questions ?
If you have any questions on our Privacy Policy , you can contact us at ZDLegal1 @
ziffdavis.com ; be sure to include Privacy Policy in the subject line .
Publishers Clearing House Privacy Policy Last Updated : October 25 , 2013
At Publishers Clearing House we take your privacy seriously , which is why we developed this privacy policy to explain our online information collection and use practices .
Unless otherwise noted , the information and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to online transactions and do not apply to the off line privacy , data collection and data transfer policies of Publishers Clearing House .
Publishers Clearing House has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacychoices @
pchmail.com
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
We may occasionally change the features and content found on this site .
Consequently , our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the site .
We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices .
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY By completing and submitting a registration and entry form at pch.com
, you signify your agreement to the pch.com privacy policy .
If you do not accept this privacy policy , please do not use the pch.com site .
We reserve the right , at our discretion to change , modify , add or remove portions of this privacy policy .
You should check this page periodically for any changes and to insure you are familiar with our practices .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by e-mail , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective .
This policy and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user .
Policy last updated : June 5 , 2009 .
1 .
Why does pch.com collect personal information ?
2 .
How and what information does pch.com gather or track ?
3 .
What are Cookies and Pixels ?
4 .
Does pch.com disclose user information to third parties ?
5 .
Can I opt-out of pch.com 's data collection and/or distribution ?
6 .
What about external web sites ?
7 .
Does pch.com allow users access to their information for review and updating ?
8 .
What does pch.com do to keep their site secure ?
9 .
Does pch.com collect information from users outside of the United States ?
10 .
Does pch.com collect personal information from children ?
11 .
Your California Privacy Rights 12 .
What about Publishers Clearing House 's off-line information and privacy practices ?
13 .
U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Framework Compliance 14 .
Further Questions ?
We need to collect certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and fulfill online sweepstakes entries and online orders for the products and services we offer .
For example , we need your full name , e-mail address and date of birth to verify eligibility and enter you in the sweepstakes , notify you if you 've won a prize , to process and record coupon request and redemption activity and to send you any magazine subscription or product you may purchase .
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes , and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others .
Why does PCH collect information from a user 's device ?
We need to collect certain device information so that we may ensure that you are being served the correct version of the app , so we are able to notify you that you have won a contest , so that we may determine which user has downloaded the application , users are then given a chance to win contests .
We will collect the following information from a user 's device Android Device ID , Operating System Version , Flash Version , Browser Type , Service Provider , Mobile Device Model , Screen Resolution , Language , Country , City , and Mobile input selector ( touch screen , etc. )  
To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web service , we also collect and use personal data to identify users ' specific interests and needs .
If given permission , we may notify our users of offers and information we feel may be of interest to them available from pch.com and our marketing partners .
If given permission , we may also share information with select marketing partners who may directly contact our users regarding their own offers of interest .
If you do not want to receive such offers you may follow the simple unsubscribe procedure located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page .
Our online registration and entry page contains a clearly identified checked box indicating that by submitting the form you wish to receive offers from pch.com and our marketing partners .
Users may unsubscribe from such offers by clicking to remove the check in the permission notice box before submitting the registration and entry form .
We may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing Publishers Clearing House advertisements that may be sent by such partners .
We send entrants a confirmation e-mail when they register for our sweepstakes or complete other transactions at our site .
These confirmation e-mails are not promotional in nature and the user may not opt-out of receiving these transactional e-mails .
If you are currently receiving commercial e-mail messages from Publishers Clearing House after previously providing permission and no longer wish to receive such offers you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or the " EZ Unsubscribe " seal in any commercial e-mail from pch.com .
You may also contact pch.com either through our " Ask Us " page in the Info Center section of pch.com or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving, , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 .
We send our PCH VIP mobile application users push notifications , to inform them of new drawings and alert them of third party offers that may be of interest to them .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications , you may do so by turning this feature off at the device level .
We collect your location based information for the purpose of locating a place that you may be searching for in your area or alerting you to a special event in your area .
We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you the service .
If you no longer wish to allow to use this information you may turn it off at the device level .
From time to time , we post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information such as the customer 's name .
We do obtain the customer 's consent prior to posting these testimonials .
If you use our blog on this web site or participate in chat rooms on this site , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of this forum , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in this forum .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacychoices @
pchmail.com
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
When you order gift subscriptions on our site , we will ask you for your friend or family 's contact information including name , mailing address and e-mail address .
We will use this information only for the purpose that it was collected ( i.e. to fulfill the gift subscription ) .
When you utilize the share feature located within our mobile application we will ask for your friend 's email address .
We will use this information to send them a one-time email inviting them to visit and download the application .
We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for sweepstakes entry and order processing .
Although some of the personal identifying information is necessary to deliver these services ( e.g. , an address is required to buy goods and services from pch.com ) , in some cases some of the information is optional .
Users can determine to some extent what information they wish to submit .
In addition to the initial registration process , we may , from time to time , ask users to answer optional questions about products and services .
We gather this data in order to better understand our users ' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information .
Through the use of " cookies " and " pixel tags " ( both described below ) and online survey and registration forms , we may collect personal data on , among other things , the following information : Demographic : age , gender , income level Technical : IP address , domain name , e-mail address , site traffic Reference : name , land address , telephone number ,
password
The website that referred you to us .
The web pages you viewed on our site
The advertisements you viewed and clicked on at our site .
Coupon activity including the types of coupons that you choose .
When you access PCH offered applications at social media sites like Facebook you allow us to access certain information from your profile at those sites .
For example , when you access a game or application using the Facebook Platform , Facebook will usually provide the application your User ID , as well your friends ' User IDs ( or your friend list ) .
The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you have established at the social media site .
You can control and find out more about these settings at Facebook at .
http : //www.facebook.com
/settings/ ?tab=privacy .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Additionally , if you download and install the coupon printing software we collect information about that device that helps us manage our products and services and detect and prevent coupon fraud .
Instructions on uninstalling our coupon printer software are available at http : //www.couponsinc.com/corp/source/u_uninstall.asp " Cookies " are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer 's hard drive or temporarily in your computer 's memory .
The use of cookies is now an industry standard , and users will find them on most major web sites , pch.com may place and store Internet cookies on a user 's hard drive .
Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above .
Cookies enable us to recognize you and personalize your viewing experience on the pch.com site .
For example , we use cookies to recognize user access privileges to pch.com , track site usage and traffic patterns , add advertisements for goods or services that we think may interest you , and estimate our audience size .
We also use cookies to store user names and information that are supplied at registration .
Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , if you prefer , you can decline the placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate feature ( s ) of your web browser software ( if available ) to delete the cookie .
Please note , however , that certain areas on the site will not function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies . "
Pixel tracking " , a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites , involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding .
Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of these advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics .
A " pixel tag " is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites you may visit and is used to track an individual user 's activity .
We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our offers with your interests .
For example , if you visit our Web site from an advertisement on another site , the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that their advertisement brought you to the PCH site .
If you visit our website and we link you to another site we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third party web site .
This data is collected for use in our marketing and research .
Personal information about you is not collected by the third party advertising company , nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag allowed to be used by them for any other purpose other than to report web site activity to us .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here .
As is true of most web sites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information , which does not identify individual users , to analyze trends , to administer the site , to track users ' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. , tracking utility company ) use cookies on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application .
Except as otherwise noted in this policy , pch.com only discloses user information in aggregate form to marketing partners .
For example , we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited pch.com over a period of time , but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer , unless that user has given us permission to do so .
We share our users Android ID with application tracking companies so that we can track whether a user has downloaded one of our Customer 's applications .
We will share our unique ID for the user with our customer 's so that we are able to provide users with their prizes .
pch.com believes that consumers should be able to control the use of their data .
We will not share personal information with marketing partners if you follow the simple unsubscribe procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page .
If an opt-out is not submitted , we will notify users of exciting offers of interest from pch.com and our marketing partners .
We may also share your name , land address and e-mail address with marketing partners so that they can send you offers directly for products and services that may be of interest to you .
The personal information our users provide to us may be combined with other personal information ( such as demographic information and past purchase information ) available from our records and other sources .
We use a third party to verify your address , in order to process your order prior to shipping .
This allows us and our marketing partners , with permission , to present our users with offers and information geared towards their interests .
We require each permission based e-mail our partners send to include a description of a simple opt-out process that will enable you to stop receiving promotional e-mail from them in the future .
We will only deal with marketing partners who offer products or services that we believe may be of interest to our users .
Nevertheless , pch.com is not and can not be responsible for the activities or privacy policies of these third parties .
We may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing Publishers Clearing House advertisements that may be sent by such partners .
We do not rent , license , or sell personal data to third parties unless permission is granted through user submission of the checked permission notice box appearing at the registration and entry page of pch.com .
In the event of a merger , acquisition , or change of control of pch.com , customer data would be considered a business asset and would be transferred .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We may also disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the safety and security of our users .
You should also know that when you order a magazine subscription from pch.com , we need to provide your name and address to the magazine publisher so they can start your service .
Publishers may exchange or rent their subscriber names , typically to third party companies that match reader interests .
If you do not wish to receive such offers , we suggest that you notify the publisher directly ( the contact information is usually found in each magazine issue ) .
We use other third parties such as credit card processors and e-mail service providers to provide order fulfillment and e-mail delivery services on our site .
When you register on our site , we will share your personal information as necessary for these third parties to provide these services .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose including their own marketing purposes .
When you register with pch.com we may share your name and information with third parties who may contact you by mail with relevant offers .
If you wish to opt out of such exchanges you may click : here .
Targeted or Behavioral Advertising : Targeted advertising ( also known as Behavioral Advertising ) uses information collected on an individual 's web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made .
This information is then used to select which pch.com advertisement should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.com .
For example , if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting pch.com , you may be served an advertisement from pch.com for cooking related products when you visit a site other than pch.com .
The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID ( alphanumeric number ) ; it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person , such as their name , address or credit card number .
The information used for targeted advertising either comes from pch.com or through third party website publishers .
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.com that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers , please click here :
Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from pch.com and any other participating advertisers .
If you opt out , you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you .
Receiving email messages from pch.com , our affiliates and partners is optional .
As noted earlier , the collection , use , and distribution of personal data helps us create a more personalized , relevant , and intelligent web service for our users .
While some basic data is necessary to provide certain services , such as entry into the sweepstakes and fulfillment of products and services ordered through pch.com , there are some cases where the submission of information is optional .
We will not contact you with e-mail offers or share personal information with marketing partners if you follow the simple opt-out procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page .
If you are already receiving pch.com emails and no longer wish to receive such communications , simply follow the " unsubscribe " instructions that appear in every pch.com e-mail , or contact us through our " Ask Us " page found in our Info Center section or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 .
If you have provided personal information directly to our third party marketing partners and are receiving email communications directly from these third parties pch.com can not , in most instances , unsubscribe users from these third parties .
If you wish to unsubscribe from one of our marketing partner 's e-mail programs , please follow their unsubscribe procedures which will be found within their e-mails or in their privacy policy .
To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized on this Site to access third party sites , users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by pch.com and , therefore , are not subject to this privacy policy .
We recommend that users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized .
Please note that our Web sites utilize framing techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the site when the user is actually on a third party Web site .
For example , if you are on a page that has the look and feel of www.pch.com , but the url listed in your browser is a different url than www.pch.com , then know that the information is being collected by this third party and their privacy policy governs the collection and use of this information .
Users can access the personal information they have provided to pch.com for the purposes of reviewing and updating such information by following instructions in the " Your Account " section of the Site .
We have implemented a number of security features throughout the pch.com site that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online .
For example , database information is firewall protected .
Also , only authorized pch.com personnel have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users .
Moreover , password and credit card information you submit to pch.com is always encrypted during transmission .
Users should be aware that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers .
While we strive to create a secure and reliable site for our users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet can not be 100 % guaranteed .
Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public , and consequently , can be collected and used by others without their consent .
pch.com is not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction .
When we collect and transmit sensitive data such as your credit card number , we encrypt
it using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacychoices @ pch.com
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
The pch.com site is not directed to visitors residing outside of the United States and such users are not eligible to submit online sweepstakes entries .
However , as indicated in the Official Rules on the site , some sweepstakes promoted on the pch.com Site are open to residents of the U.K. and Canada .
Residents from these countries can participate in these sweepstakes by sending a write-in entry to the address provided in the Official Rules .
We regret that as a result of system limitations at this time non-U.S. residents may not order products through pch.com .
If pch.com becomes aware that a user who does not reside in the United States has registered with the pch.com site , pch.com will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files .
The pch.com site is not targeted nor directed to children under the age of thirteen .
PCH.com does not intend to collect personal information from individuals in this age group .
If pch.com receives actual notice that a child under the age of thirteen has provided personal information to pch.com , pch.com will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files .
The following information for California residents covers on-line ( internet ) and off-line ( direct mail ) information sharing activities .
Please review the complete Publishers Clearing House Privacy Policy for full details on our information sharing and privacy practices .
As detailed in our policy , from time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies so they may contact you about products and services that may interest you .
If you do not want your name passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing offers , just tell us by contacting us at privacychoices @
pchmail.com
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
or by writing to Christopher L. Irving , Sr.
Director , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , Publishers Clearing House , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York 11050 and we will be pleased to respect your wishes .
Please make sure to provide both your email address and full name , mailing address , city , state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing .
Publishers Clearing House collects certain personal information from our direct mail customers and entrants primarily to process sweepstakes entries and fulfill orders for the products and services we offer .
For example , we need your full name and address to enter you in the sweepstakes , notify you if you 've won a prize or to send you any magazine subscription or product you may purchase .
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes , and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and other third parties .
From time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies so they may contact you about products and services that may interest you .
If you do not want your name passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing offers , just tell us by contacting us at privacychoices @
pchmail.com
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
or by writing to Christopher L. Irving , , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , Publishers Clearing House , 382 Channel Drive and we will be pleased to respect your wishes .
Please make sure to provide your full name , address , city , state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing .
Publishers Clearing House complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries .
Publishers Clearing House has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Publishers Clearing House 's certification , please visit http :
//www.export.gov/safeharbor/
We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this privacy policy or the use of personal data .
To contact us , please visit the Info Center of the site or write directly to Christopher L. Irving , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 .
Valve Corporation and Valve S.A.R.L ( collectively , Valve ) respect the privacy of its online visitors and users of its products and services .
Valve recognizes the importance of protecting information collected from users and has adopted this privacy policy to inform users about how Valve gathers , stores , and uses information derived from their use of Valve products , services and online sites .
This policy is current as of its last revision date .
However , please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy .
Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy .
By using Valve 's online sites , products , and services , users agree that Valve may collect personally identifiable information ( as defined below ) .
Valve will not share personally identifiable information with other parties except as described in this policy .
Valve may also collect aggregate information and individual information . "
Aggregate information " is information that describes the habits , usage patterns , and demographics of users as a group but does not describe or reveal the identity of any particular user . "
Individual information " is information about a user or user 's machine that is presented in a form distinguishable from information relating to other users but not in a form that personally identifies any user or enables the recipient to communicate directly with any user .
Valve may share aggregate and individual information with other parties without restriction . "
Personally identifiable information " is information that can be used to uniquely identify a user , such as name , address or credit card number .
You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information in connection with the use of Valve 's products , services and online sites .
While Valve collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis , for certain products and services Valve 's collection of personally identifiable information may be a requirement for access to the product or service or to process a user 's order .
Personally identifiable information is used internally by Valve to develop , deliver and improve our products,content and services .
In addition , Valve may allow third parties performing services under contract with Valve , such as order or payment processors or merchandise warehouse and fulfillment services , to access and use personally identifiable information , but only to the extent necessary to provide those services .
Valve will not share personally identifying information with third parties for marketing purposes .
Valve may use personally identifying information provided by users to send information about Valve , including news about product updates , contests , events , and other promotional materials , but only if the users agree to receive such communications .
In some situations , personally identifiable information that users input in connection with their use of Steam may be available to other users of Steam .
For example , during the creation of a Steam account , Valve collects a user 's email address and username , and at the user 's option , first and last name .
Some of this information is searchable and available to other users within Steam .
Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users via Steam or other Valve software , such as in multiplayer chat or other public functions .
External websites and companies with links to and from Valve 's online sites and products may collect personally identifiable information about users .
Third party publishers may also collect personally identifiable information as a requirement of accessing their games or content .
Valve 's privacy policy does not extend to these external websites and companies or third party publishers .
Please refer directly to these companies and websites regarding their privacy policies .
Valve may release personally identifiable information to comply with court orders or laws that require us to disclose such information .
In the event of a reorganization , sale or merger we may transfer personally identifiable information to the relevant third party .
Valve will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person age 12 and under .
Valve encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online .
Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us .
Valve 's products , services and sites may employ cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags .
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user 's hard drive to customize a person 's use of a product or online site , keep records of a user 's access to an online site or product , or store information needed by the user on a regular basis .
Use of cookies is typically associated with websites .
For example , when you sign in to Steam , Valve stores your user
id and a combination of your IP address and time of login as a cookie on your hard drive .
This cookie allows you to move from page to page without having to sign in again on each page .
Similarly , if you enter information during your session , such as age verification data , this will be stored as a cookie and you will not have to re-enter such information during that session .
We may also use third party web site analytic tools that employ cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information concerning use of our websites , such as referring web site addresses , page views and browser types .
Valve also stores information on a user 's hard drive that is used in conjunction with use of Valve 's products and services .
This includes a unique authorization key or CD-Key that is either entered by the user or downloaded automatically during product registration .
This authorization key is used to identify a user as valid and allow access to Valve 's products , services and third party games .
Information regarding Steam billing , a user 's Steam account , a user 's Internet connection and the Valve software installed on a user 's computer is uploaded to the server in connection with the user 's use of Steam and Valve software .
Valve software automatically generates and submits to Valve bug reports upon a crash or other fault in the Valve software , services or Steam games .
This automatically generated bug report information may include information about other software or hardware on a user 's system .
Valve does not associate and store the automatically generated bug report information with personally identifiable information .
Any bug reporting information manually submitted by users ( e.g. through Valve 's Bug Reporter form ) is associated and stored with personally identifiable information .
Valve 's products or services may provide chat , forums , bulletin boards , or instant messaging tools to users .
Any information that is disclosed in chat , forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information , and users who message one another may not know each other personally .
Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users or the public using these functions .
Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums .
Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play ( e.g. player name and current player statistics ) is public information and may be displayed to other users .
Valve gives users the option to receive promotional email communications from Valve .
Users may opt out of these communications .
Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Valve will be provided in email communications to users .
Personally identifiable information provided to Valve by customers in the EU is controlled by Valve S.a.r.l , with place of business set out below .
Valve Corporation acts as the data processor on behalf of Valve S.a.r.l .
Personally identifiable information provided to Valve will be collected , processed and stored by Valve Corporation in the United States .
Valve has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us , including , but not limited to , setup of processes , equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information .
Valve Corporation complies with the Safe Harbor framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union relating to the transfer and processing of personally identifiable information .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program or to view Valve 's certification visit http : //export.gov/safeharbor/eu/eg_main_018476.asp .
If you are concerned about the accuracy of personally identifiable information maintained by Valve or wish to review , access , amend or correct it , or would like your personally identifiable information removed from Valve 's records or otherwise deactivated , please contact us here .
We may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or are extremely impractical .
If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy , or the privacy practices of Valve , please contact us here .
You may also contact Valve Corp. or Valve S.a.r.l. at the addresses below .
Valve Corporation P.O .
Box 1688 Bellevue , WA 98004 Valve S.a.r.l .
Regus City Center Suite 227 26 Boulevard Royal
L-2449 Luxembourg Revision Date :
August 1 , 2012 Validate TRUSTe privacy certification Blizzard Entertainment and its affiliate companies ( collectively " Blizzard " ) respect the privacy of its on-line visitors and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment for them .
We have adopted a company wide On-Line Privacy Policy that guides how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us .
This Privacy Policy details how Blizzard safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors and does not apply to information that may be collected by Blizzard off-line .
Please note that when you link to other sites from a Blizzard website , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities on , those other sites .
Blizzard has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The scope of TRUSTe 's certification covers its North American websites us.blizzard.com and us.battle.net and their subdomains .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at privacy @
blizzard.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Blizzard Entertainment complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Blizzard Entertainment has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Blizzard Entertainment 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/
If you are a visitor from outside the United States , the personal information you provide may be transferred to , stored , and processed within the United States or other countries where Blizzard maintains facilities or business operations .
Blizzard only collects personal information on a voluntary basis .
If an on-line visitor submits information to Blizzard , it will usually take the form of either : ( 1 ) the purchase of goods or services though our on-line stores , ( 2 ) product or account registration , or registration for on-line game participation , ( 3 ) player match-up services , ( 4 ) message boards or forums , ( 5 ) eCards or Recruit-a-Friend e-mails , ( 6 ) warranty registrations , ( 7 ) contest registrations , ( 8 ) a consumer complaint , ( 9 ) surveys , ( 10 ) customer service or technical support , and/or ( 11 ) newsletters .
Personal information collected may include your name , home address , phone number , and/or e-mail address .
We do not require this information to gain access to our sites , however , you will not be able to utilize certain products , services , or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided .
Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional information such as a valid credit card number , expiration date , and shipping and billing addresses .
Please note that , depending on the Blizzard site that you are visiting , many of the activities listed above may not be available and , as such , personal information may not be collected .
For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other , non-personal information such as your age , date of birth , gender , and/or game and platform preferences ; and , combine such information with your personal information .
In addition , your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer ( capabilities , game data processing , etc. )  to Blizzard .
Blizzard may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and may provide such information to advertisers and/or our partners .
In addition , Blizzard may use such information for security , system integrity ( the prevention of hacking , cheats , etc. ) , or enforcement purposes .
From time to time , we may also post customer testimonials that contain personally identifiable information on Blizzard 's websites .
However , we will obtain the customer 's consent to post these testimonials prior to publication in accordance with the applicable Blizzard Terms of Use ( TOU ) .
The personal information you provide Blizzard will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues ; to send eCards or Recruit-a-Friend emails ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers .
Blizzard may enhance or merge the personal information collected at a Blizzard site with data from third parties in order to update your contact information , perform market analysis , or improve our products , services , or systems .
Blizzard may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer products or services that may be of interest to you .
In such cases , we will notify you that the information will be shared and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out .
Lastly , we may use your personal information for internal marketing , profiling , or demographic purposes , so we can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs .
We do this to better understand and serve our customers .
Please be advised that personal information submitted by individuals acting solely in a business capacity ( e.g. , personal information contained in job applicant 's resume ) is not subject to the uses set forth above or to any other practices stated in this Privacy Policy .
Special Offers and Updates
We will occasionally send you information on products , services , special deals , and promotions .
Out of respect for your privacy , we present the option not to receive these types of communications .
Please see the Choice section below .
Service-related Announcements
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so .
For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
Customer Service Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password .
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account .
We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes .
Recruit a Friend/E-cards
If you choose to use our recruit-a-friend or e-card features , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Blizzard does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and to track the success of our referral program .
When you are asked for information while on a Blizzard site , you are sharing that information with Blizzard , its parent , and its various affiliates and sister companies , unless specifically stated otherwise .
As a result of this sharing , you may receive communications from any of Blizzard 's affiliates .
In addition , some services are provided in conjunction with partner companies .
If your personal information is being collected by another company other than Blizzard , you will be notified at the time the information is collected .
If you do not want your information shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time .
Please be aware that we can not control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data , and as such we can not guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as Blizzard .
Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to and from our sites may collect personal information about you .
And remember , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities of , those other advertisers or websites .
Blizzard may need to disclose your personal information to third party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes , to process mailings , or to process , analyze , and/or store data on Blizzard 's behalf .
We will attempt to ensure that these entities do not use your personal information for any other purpose , and that they have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us .
These service providers may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify , contact , or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service or Use Agreements for a Blizzard site or product , or may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with Blizzard 's rights or property , other users of a Blizzard site or product , or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities .
As with any business , your personal information is also an asset of Blizzard and will become part of our normal business records .
As such , we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we decide to sell a line of business to that third party , so you can continue to receive service and information in connection with that line of business with as little disruption as possible .
Similarly , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , your personal information may be transferred to Blizzard ' s successor or assign .
Blizzard sites may also have message boards , forums , and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another .
When posting to a message board , forum , or chat area , please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at his or her own risk .
For certain forums , anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their Real ID -- that is , their full first and last name -- with the option to also display the name of their primary in-game character .
See discussion regarding Real ID below .
If your personal information is posted on one of our community forums , you may contact us at privacy @
blizzard.com .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Blizzard allows you to control the way that we use personal identifying information that we might obtain .
At the time you provide personal information , Blizzard may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products , promotions , or services .
In addition , many of the " mailings " Blizzard may send you , such as newsletters , have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future mailings .
Lastly , you may be given the opportunity to " opt-out " of certain features or functionality ( e.g. Real ID ) .
Under California law , our customers that are California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , we do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without their approval .
If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties and/or receiving information from Blizzard ( via e-mail or postal mail ) about new products , services , or promotions , you can do so .
You may contact us at Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attn :
Opt-Out Administrator , 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
You can also contact us by e-mailing us at opt-out @ blizzard.com .
Please indicate what publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needs .
Children
Under 13
Once a child states that his/her age is under 13 , we do not collect or store any personally identifiable information such as name , address , or email address .
Note to Parents
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information about young children .
We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when on-line .
Teenagers under the age of 17 and over the age of 12 should encourage their parents to review this policy and to contact us if they would like to evoke our opt-out policy or to raise any concerns .
For more information , you may visit our Parental Controls area at https : //us.battle.net/account/parental-controls/index.html .
Real ID friends can see each other 's real-life name and can see each other 's characters across all Blizzard products and services .
By participating in Real ID , you will have the option of making your real name visible to your friend 's friends , who will also be able to invite you to become friends .
When you and a friend mutually agree to become Real ID friends , you will have access to a number of additional features , including the following :  Real Names for Friends :
Your Real ID friends will appear under their real-life names on your friends list , when chatting , communicating in-game , or viewing a character 's profile .
Cross-Realm and Cross-Game Chat :
With Real ID , friends can chat cross-realm , cross-faction , and cross-game using Blizzard 's products and services .
Rich Presence : You will see additional info on your friends list about what your Real ID friends are up to in Blizzard 's products and services in real time .
Cookies are a feature of your Web browser that allows Web sites to transfer bits of information to your computer for record-keeping purposes .
A cookie stored on your computer can be used to " remember " things like your password , or that you have already registered .
This allows us to speed up your future activities , saving the time you would normally spend entering information such as your password or registration .
In addition , Blizzard may use cookies to retrieve user information for promotional , marketing , or security purposes .
Blizzard and our third-party tracking service also employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
These clear gifs are not tied to personally identifiable information .
Our third-party tracking service uses cookies and clear gifs to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate .
They capture usage and volume statistics to help improve our Web site .
We have no access or control of these third-party tracking utilities .
We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
For this reason , these types of clear gifs are tied to personally identifiable information .
An Internet protocol ( " IP " ) address is the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider ( " ISP " ) .
Blizzard may track such IP addresses for system administration , to report aggregate information , site tracking , security purposes , or to prevent our servers from being abused .
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information , or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information , please contact Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attention :
Privacy Policy Administrator , at 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
You can also contact us by e-mailing us at privacy @
blizzard.com .
We will respond to any request for access within 30 days .
In some cases , we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your account and applicable services .
Blizzard has taken steps to assure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form , i.e. free from any alteration .
As such , access to all personal information is strictly controlled .
When credit card information is transmitted , for example , we use industry standard , SSL ( secure sockets layer ) encryption .
In addition , we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of personal information .
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services .
If you have any questions or wish to file a complaint , please feel free to e-mail us at privacy @
blizzard.com or send a letter addressed to Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attention :
Privacy Policy Administrator , at 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
By using this Website , you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use this site .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding such change .
Your continued use of the Blizzard website will signify your acceptance of these changes .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 25 , 2011
MSN Privacy Statement
This privacy statement applies to MSN websites , services , products and applications that collect data and display these terms .
It does not apply to other Microsoft products and services that do not link to the MSN Privacy Statement .
Cookies Collecting your Information Using Your Information
Sharing Your Information
Accessing Your Information MSN Money MSN Internet Services Children
Advertising Communications Payment Data Microsoft account Other Information CookiesCookies Most Microsoft Sites use " cookies , " small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive .
We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings ; help with sign-in ; provide targeted ads ; and analyze site operations .
Click here to learn more .
MSN use " cookies , " small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive .
We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings ; help with sign-in ; provide targeted ads ; and analyze site operations .
We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and compile analytics .
These may include third-party web beacons , which are prohibited from collecting your personal information .
You have a variety of tools to control cookies and similar technologies , including :  Browser controls to block and delete cookies ; Advertising controls , including Microsoft 's controls at Your privacy and Microsoft personalized ads , to opt out of receiving behaviorally targeted ads ; and Controls from some analytics providers to opt out of data collection in web beacons .
Learn More Go to top of page MSN collects many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products , services and experiences we can .
Some of this information you provide directly to us .
Some of it we get by observing how you interact with our products and services .
When you interact with our sites and services , we collect information about your computer , browsing history , Microsoft cookies and approximate location if you have agreed to allow access to that information .
We also collect information when you choose to subscribe or sign up for services or campaigns offered on our site .
Lastly , MSN uses a number of methods and technologies to gather information about how you use our sites and services , including cookies , web beacons and web logging
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
MSN uses the information we collect to operate , improve and personalize the products and services we offer .
We also may use the information to communicate with you , for example , informing you about your account and security updates , or sending you newsletters that you have subscribed to .
We may also use the information to help make the ads you see on our ad-supported services more relevant .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Except as described in this privacy statement , we wo n't disclose your personal information to a third party without your consent .
Please see Other Important Privacy Information for details about when we may disclose information , including with Microsoft affiliates and vendors ; when required by law or to respond to legal process ; to combat fraud or protect our interest ; or to protect lives .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
Some MSN services give you the option to enter and update personal information to provide additional customization or features such as customizing or posting content , setting display preferences , or subscribing to newsletters or other notifications .
To help prevent others from viewing your personal information , you first will be required to sign in .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
As part of providing MSN Money customers with a central location for managing personal finances , MSN may request that you furnish personal information such as your e-mail address , name and physical address along with financial data such as account balances , account numbers , credit card balances , and stock and bond portfolio information .
MSN uses this information to provide you with portfolio tracking , and other requested financial services .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page MSN Premium , MSN Plus and MSN Dial up are all MSN internet services that enable users to access the internet .
When you sign up for MSN internet services you are required to sign in using your Microsoft account and provide billing information that is used to pay for the services .
When you sign into MSN internet services you will also be signed into the Microsoft sites you visit or services you use .
MSN internet services will automatically check the version of the MSN Explorer software and components you are using ( including your browser version )
every time you sign into the service in order to optimize performance .
MSN internet services may also provide upgrades to such software that will be automatically installed on your computer .
MSN Internet services also provide additional features such as customer experience improvement program and critical performance error reporting .
Click Learn More for privacy information about these features .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
When a Microsoft site or service collects age information , it will block users under 13 or obtain consent from a parent or guardian before their child can use it .
When consent is granted , the child 's account is treated much like any other account , including being able to communicate with other users .
Parents can change or revoke consent as described in this privacy statement .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites and services are displayed by Microsoft Advertising .
When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more cookies in order to recognize your computer when we display an ad to you .
Over time , we may gather information from the sites where we serve ads and use the information to help provide more relevant ads .
You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our opt-out page .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail Microsoft sites and services by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive .
You also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional e-mail , telephone calls , and postal mail from Microsoft by visiting and signing onto the Promotional Communications Manager .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Payment Data is the information that you provide when you make online purchases .
This may include your payment instrument number ( e.g. , credit card , PayPal ) , your name and billing address , and the security code associated with your payment instrument ( e.g. , the CSV or CVV ) .
This section provides additional information regarding the collection and use of your payment information .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page Microsoft account ( formerly known as Windows Live ID and Microsoft Passport ) is a service that allows you to sign into Microsoft products , web sites and services , as well as those of select Microsoft partners .
When you create a Microsoft account , we ask you to provide certain information .
When you sign into a site or service using your Microsoft account , we collect certain information in order to verify your identity on behalf of the site or service , to protect you from malicious account usage , and to protect the efficiency and security of the Microsoft account service .
We also send certain information to a site or service you have signed into with your Microsoft account .
To view additional details about Microsoft account , including how to create and use a Microsoft account , how to edit account information , and how we collect and use information relating to a Microsoft account , please click on Learn More .
Learn More Go to top of pageTop of page
Learn more about Why and with whom we share or disclose personal information Protecting the security of personal information Where we store and process information Changes to our privacy statements How to contact us CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date : January 2nd ,
2014 Note :
The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated .
Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy .
Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc .
( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected .
Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive .
We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles .
Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site .
Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit .
Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  
In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  
Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) .
Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information .
Information we obtain from other sources .
Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive .
Combining Information .
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law .
We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you .
With your consent .
With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners .
For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services .
Authorized third-party service providers .
We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing .
These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose .
Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions .
When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis .
Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list .
Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law .
All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion .
Co-Branded Partners .
Co-
Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature .
You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently .
You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner .
In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner .
Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information .
CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses .
The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
Business transfers .
We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Legal requirements .
We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements .
Protect our Web Sites and users .
We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use .
Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising .
We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings .
This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you .
Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message .
Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements .
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising .
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) .
You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve .
To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page .
Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site .
You also may update or amend your information by contacting us .
If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations .
For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you .
Back To Top
We are committed to protecting your information .
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft .
Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries .
Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law .
The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence .
By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information .
Back To Top
For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom .
Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us .
For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 .
Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 .
In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws .
To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy .
Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions .
Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use .
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety .
We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions .
This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service .
Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site .
Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy .
Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings .
If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting .
If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
Back To Top
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time .
You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc.
235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105
Attn :
Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office .
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern .
Back To Top Last Revised : April , 2011 Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC ( " SCEA " ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our websites .
This privacy policy is intended to provide you with information on how we collect , use and store the information that you provide to us through our websites so that you can make appropriate choices for sharing information with us .
If you have any questions , complaints or comments regarding our online or offline privacy policies , please contact SCEA 's Consumer Services Hotline at 1-800-345-7669 .
ESRBThis Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that SCEA is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online .
To protect your privacy to the maximum extent possible , we have undertaken this privacy initiative and our websites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of the privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB .
ESRB
Privacy Online is a third-party seal provider whose mission is to protect consumers ' online privacy and make the Internet a secure , reliable and private place to share information and conduct business .
ESRB Privacy Online promotes and enforces established principles and guidelines for fair information collection practices that include requirements of full disclosure , notice and informed consent .
Whenever you visit a website that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of : What personal information may be collected and by what means Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information How this information may be used , including who , if anyone , it might be shared with The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company maintains How a company ensures data security , quality and integrity
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints This policy applies to the websites us.playstation.com and naughtydog.com .
In addition , we own several other domain names that point to us.playstation.com .
From time to time , we may add new websites not listed above , and will provide a link to this policy or the applicable privacy policy .
Finally , we collect information via dynamic in-game advertising that is served to some online PlayStation3 games .
By use of our websites and games that have dynamic in-game advertising , you signify your assent to SCEA 's privacy policy .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our websites or games with dynamic in-game advertising .
PlayStationNetwork
In parts of North America and South America , Sony Network Entertainment America Inc .
( SNEA ) operates Sony Online Services , a network of online games , movies , music , other media and content and communication services .
PlayStation Network ( PSN ) is one of these Sony Online Services .
With a Sony Online Services or Sony Entertainment Network account , users can purchase goods and services from SNEA through Sony Online Services and may have the opportunity to participate in various network community activities .
Users can register for and log into a Sony Entertainment Network account via us.playstation.com .
Collection and use of your information by Sony Online Services is governed by the SNEA Privacy Policy , which can be found here : http : //www.qriocity.com/us/en/legal-privacy .
Links SCEA may provide links to the websites of our promotional partners and licensed software publishers , our affiliates or other entities that we own or control .
This privacy policy does not apply to third-party websites and treatment of any personal information you provide on those sites is subject to the applicable third party 's individual privacy policy .
Collection of Personal Information through our Websites
We do not require that website visitors reveal any personally identifying information in order to gain general access to our websites .
However , visitors who do not wish to , or are not allowed by law to share personally identifying information , may not be able to access certain areas of our websites , participate in certain activities , or make a purchase from the PlayStationShop .
Although personally identifying information may be required to participate in certain promotions or features offered through our websites or to make a purchase from the PlayStationShop , participants provide this information on a voluntary basis only .
Collection of personal information required to access certain website services may include the collection of date of birth , name , mailing address , email address or credit card information .
We collect personally identifying information in connection with the following : Questions or comments sent through our websites to Consumer Services Repair of , replacement of or service on system hardware Subscription to a non-PSN marketing program " Send-to-a-Friend " emails Purchases made from the PlayStation Shop
Some of our website activities require that the user log in using a PlayStationNetwork ( PSN ) account ; for information regarding SNEA 's collection of information in association with a Sony Entertainment Network account , please see their Privacy Policy http : //www.qriocity.com
/us/en/legal-privacy .
On our websites , PlayStation Network log in information is being authenticated by SNEA , not SCEA .
SCEA may require a Sony Entertainment Network account in connection with : Participation in online contests , sweepstakes or other promotions Inclusion in our email newsletter program Participation on our message boards Access to special sections of official game websites Passive Information Collection SCEA may collect information such as our website visitors ' IP address , IP address-related information , system Media Access Control ( MAC ) address , network configuration information , network device information , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform .
We also may collect information about your download activity , browser activity , forum postings and session information .
Dynamic advertisement serving technology enables advertisements to be temporarily loaded or cached to a Sony Entertainment Network account holder 's PS3 system for display only in games that incorporate this technology .
If a Sony Entertainment Network account holder plays a game that utilizes this feature , SCEA will log information about his or her system and game play to ensure that advertisements are being appropriately served to him or her and to track information about the advertisements displayed during his or her gaming session .
Logged data may include : Online ID , system IP address , system MAC address , in-game advertisement location , the length of time an advertisement was visible , relative size of advertisements , the angle of view and other information related to each advertisement visible during the gaming session .
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website can transfer to a consumer 's hard drive to keep records of his or her visit at the website .
We may use cookies to improve consumers ' experiences when visiting our websites .
We may use cookies to anonymously track interest in , and collect aggregate information on , our websites .
Log files are files that log actions that have occurred on a website .
We may use log files to gather statistics about consumers ' browsing habits and to assess overall website activity , including how many " hits " a particular web page is getting .
These entries are generated anonymously , and enable us to track interest in specific promotions , troubleshoot technical concerns , and provide consumers with content that may be of interest to them .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide to consumers .
Log files are used internally only , and are not associated with any particular user , computer , or browser .
Our websites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites .
We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our websites , such as the frequency with which consumers visit various parts of our websites .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send our guests to determine whether our consumers have opened those emails or clicked on links in those emails .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable .
Information from PlayStation Network SNEA shares its Sony Entertainment Network account holders ' information with us so that we may provide you with marketing and community services .
Personally identifying information that we collect for a particular promotional purpose through one of our websites or to make a purchase from the PlayStation Shop is saved and used only for that purpose , unless the participant chooses to opt-in to one of our marketing programs .
Visitors to our websites may be given the opportunity to " opt-in " to two different programs .
The first option is to receive marketing content from SCEA .
The second is to have personal information shared with SCEA 's third party partners so that they may send you marketing materials .
Consumers who voluntarily provide personally identifying information via our website for purposes of receiving marketing materials or who opt-in to receiving marketing materials when they register a Network Adaptor ( Ethernet/Modem ) ( for PlayStation2 ) or PlayStation2 with integrated network and line connectors for online gaming through the Online Start-Up Disc , become members of our marketing program .
By logging in as a Sony Entertainment Network account holder on our websites , consumers consent to having information regarding their activities added to their customer profile , whether information regarding those activities comes from SCEA internal sources , Sony-related entities or affiliated sources .
We may give Sony Entertainment Network account holders the opportunity to provide information about themselves and will from time to time conduct surveys or questionnaires for members to provide feedback and additional information .
This information allows us to provide those Sony Entertainment Network account holders with information about our products that best suits their interests and to customize their experience .
Data that we have collected about a Sony Entertainment Network account holder via dynamic in-game advertising may be used to provide him or her with future advertisements that we believe will be of particular interest .
Email addresses collected from consumers during the use of the E-Cards or " Send-to-a-Friend " email feature on our websites are not retained by us , and are only used to send a one-time email notification on a consumer 's behalf .
SCEA may use personally identifying information for marketing and demographic studies .
These studies help us improve our websites , products and services to better meet our users ' needs .
SCEA 's consumer services department maintains information obtained from consumers who contact or submit an online complaint so that we may assist these customers with current or future service issues .
SCEA 's consumer services department may collect additional information such as credit card , personal check information , if a consumer contacts consumer services to request repair of , exchange of , or service on , a PlayStation system .
Consumer Services uses this information only for payment and payment verification purposes .
SCEA 's consumer services department may direct consumers to the consumer services departments of other companies with whom SCEA has arranged to provide consumer service , so that the consumer receives appropriate assistance .
We may use personally identifying information and records for defense of a lawsuit , investigation or other action if such personally identifying information , records or profiles are relevant to the lawsuit , investigation or action .
We may share the personally identifying information of our website users with our affiliates in the Sony group family of companies and other third parties who assist us with fulfilling your requests , clear and verify transactions , deliver and administer products , content or services , manage and enhance customer data , store and maintain our database records , provide customer service , detect fraud or illegal activities , conduct customer research and surveys , develop new products and services and sell products and services to you .
SCEA may also share personally identifying information with law enforcement or similar organizations , in connection with a criminal investigation , investigation or prevention of fraud or criminal activities , infringement of intellectual property rights or other activity that is suspected to be illegal or may expose our users or SCEA to legal liability .
We may share non-personally identifying information and behavioral data from our studies with our affiliates and other third parties .
Data logged via PS3 dynamic in-game advertising or some portion of it will be shared with third party companies that operate the advertisement serving technology , and these companies may share aggregated data ( meaning data that includes data about a Sony Entertainment Network account holder 's gaming session but is not specific to him or her ) with advertisers and game publishers .
We do not control our affiliates ' or third parties ' use of your information after we share it , but we use reasonable efforts to obtain our affiliates ' and third parties ' agreement to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of any personal information we share with them or that we permit them to collect directly .
If consumers do not want their personal information made available to others in these ways , they should not provide their personal information to us .
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code section 1798.83 permits SCEA customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding SCEA 's disclosure within the immediately preceding calendar year of that California resident 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , contact our consumer services department through the following link : http : //us.playstation.com/corporate/contactus or via telephone at 1-800-345-7669 .
If you would like to change your current account preferences , go to the account management section of your Sony Online Services account .
SCEA does not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under 13 years of age via our websites .
Data from Sony Online Services accounts is transferred from SNEA to SCEA for community administration and , depending on your child 's age , marketing purposes .
Our PlayStation website message boards are a place where users can go to freely share their thoughts and ideas about the PlayStation brand .
A Sony Entertainment Network account is required to contribute to these message boards .
We prohibit message board participants from disclosing their own personally identifying information other than their own Online IDs .
We ask our users to respect the privacy of others .
Disclosure of phone numbers , addresses , age or other personally identifying information that may violate someone else 's privacy is prohibited .
Encouraging or asking users to disclose publicly their personally identifying information is also prohibited .
Through our job page at http : //us.playstation.com/corporate/about/careers , SCEA allows job seekers to inquire about jobs and submit personally identifying information in connection with applying for employment .
If a job seeker creates a job profile , he or she will be asked to provide an email address and create a password .
He or she can use that email address and password to access his or her account , review the information in his or her profile , edit or delete his or her profile at any time .
We treat personally identifying information submitted to us for business purposes differently from information we receive in a non-business capacity .
We may share resumes or potential developer contact information submitted to us , for example , with other Sony companies or third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
We take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information collected from our website visitors .
Personal information is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees .
We also have security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Unfortunately , there is no such thing as perfect security .
As a result , although we strive to protect personally identifying information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us through or in connection with our websites , that we store on our systems or that is stored on our service providers ' systems .
SCEA operates in parts of North and South America but this site is intended for consumers in the United States .
When we process personal data and information and personally identifying information in the United States , we follow United States data protection and privacy regulations , which may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If we are made aware that a consumer 's country of residence is outside the United States , that consumer will be directed to the appropriate Sony company .
In the event that SCEA sells or transfers its business or its business is acquired , our website visitors ' stored personally identifying information may be transferred to the purchasing or acquiring entity .
Please be aware that accepting this privacy policy means that you also consent to the possible transfer of your personally identifying information outside your country of residence .
We will retain personally identifying information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required by law or regulations .
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time .
If we make a material change to this privacy policy , we will notify you by posting notice of the change on www.us.playstation.com or on our other websites .
We will post the changes in the privacy policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding changes .
Please check this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes .
Your continued use of our websites or other SCEA online portals subject to this privacy policy will signify your acceptance of privacy policy changes .
For further information on our privacy policy , or for questions on information that we may have collected from you , please contact us by either of the following methods and we will be happy to review , update , or change your record status as appropriate : Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC Consumer Services Department P.O .
Box 5888 San Mateo , California , 94402-0888
United States of America
On the web : http : //us.playstation.com/corporate/contactus By Phone : 1-800-345-7669 ESRB SCEA is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact ESRB at http :
//www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp ESRB Attn. :
Privacy Online Program 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York ,
NY 10017 privacy @
esrb.org PRIVACY POLICY
Last Modified : December 3 , 2012 Riot Games , Inc. , a Delaware corporation , its subsidiary , Riot Games , Ltd. , an Irish limited company , and its other subsidiaries ( collectively , hereinafter referred to as " us
, " " we , " or " Riot Games " ) are committed to respecting the privacy rights of the customers , visitors , and other users of Riot Games ' free-to-play computer game , League of Legends ( the Game ) and its related websites , including http :
//na.leagueoflegends.com ,
http : //euw.leagueoflegends.com , and http : //eune.leagueoflegends.com ( collectively , the Site ) .
We created this Privacy Policy ( this " Policy " ) to give you , the user , confidence as you visit and use the Site or the Game , and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy .
By visiting the Site or using the Game , you consent to our collection , use , storage , deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Policy .
This Policy is only applicable to the Site and the Game , and not to any other third-party websites that you may be able to access from the Site , each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy .
Riot Games has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Riot Games complies with the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Riot Games has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Riot Games ' certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor .
A .
What Basic Information Does Riot Games Collect ?
We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a voluntary basis , and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing to do so .
However , in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or log-on to play the Game , you will be required to create an account by providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and password ( an Account ) .
For age verification purposes , we also ask for your birthday during the Account creation process .
In the course of maintaining your Account , you might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game , or in other Game-related promotional contests , participation in which is entirely voluntary .
You might also desire to contact our customer support team via the Support tab found on the Site .
In participating in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support , you might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email address , including your name , full address and phone number .
In operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game , we might also request other information from you , including hardware specs , software performance metrics , game experience , refer-a-friend , and other demographic information that might be associated with your personal information , such as your gender , hobbies , occupation , platform preferences , and other game ownership information .
Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site ( e.g. purchasing merchandise ) or the Game ( e.g. purchasing Riot Points ) , you will be requested to provide additional information in order to complete a purchase , such as your name , full address , phone number , internet protocol address ( for fraud tracking purposes ) and credit card information or other payment information depending on payment method selected .
In most instances , information provided for payment purposes will also be shared with a third party payment provider , depending on the payment method used .
Please see Section IV below regarding how third parties working on behalf of Riot Games use your personal information .
In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game , we also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance and/or interactions with other users ( e.g. , wins / losses , recent champions played , average number of kills / deaths etc. ) .
These statistics are associated with your in-Game Summoner name and are publicly accessible by members of the Riot Games community .
In addition , we may share your in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy .
To be clear , no personal information about you , such as your email address , username , IP address , or other sensitive information , will be shared as a part of this process .
Refer-a-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to refer a friend to our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site .
Riot Games stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
You or your friend may contact us at privacy @
riotgames.com to request that we remove this information from our database .
B .
What Additional Information Does Riot Games Collect ?
( 1 ) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION .
Our servers automatically recognize visitors ' domain names and internet protocol ( IP ) addresses ( the number assigned to computers on the Internet ) .
In addition , your web browser or Game software may transmit to Riot Games certain geographic information or other information regarding your computer , including its capabilities , hardware specs and game data processing .
No personal information about you is revealed in this process .
The Site may also gather anonymous " traffic data " that does not personally identify you , but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer .
( 2 ) COOKIES .
From time to time , we may use the standard " cookies " feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to the Site .
While we do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies , cookies help us learn which areas of the Site are useful and which areas need improvement .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser .
However , if you choose to disable this function , your experience at the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended .
( 3 ) WEB BEACONS .
Our Site pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons ( sometimes called single-pixel gifs ) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Site is used and may be used in some of our emails and online advertising to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns .
C .
What Does Riot Games Do With Collected Information ?
( 1 ) PERSONAL INFORMATION .
We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent , except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us , to comply with the law or as otherwise described in this Policy .
We may use your personal information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications , to inform you of any changes to the Site or Game , or to send you additional information about Riot Games .
We may also use your information to contact you
should we believe that you are in violation of the Terms of Use Agreement ( Terms of Use ) or the End User License Agreement ( EULA ) .
( 2 ) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION .
We use anonymous information to analyze the Site traffic , but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information .
In addition , we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers , to administer the Site , or to display the content according to your preferences .
Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis .
( 3 ) USE OF COOKIES .
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests , to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site , or for other purposes .
Promotions or advertisements displayed on the Site may contain cookies .
We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on the Site .
( 4 ) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION .
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on Riot Games or its parent company , subsidiaries or affiliates , ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Riot Games or the users of the Site or Game , or ( c ) act under unusual , extraordinary or emergency circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site or Game .
( 5 ) SALE OF INFORMATION .
In order to accommodate changes in our business , we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets , including the information collected through the Site or otherwise collected in connection with the Game .
If Riot Games or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information and personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer .
Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site .
( 6 ) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .
You are able to review and request changes to your Account information within the Site at www.leagueoflegends.com/account .
Unfortunately , we do not maintain similar procedures within the Game software , and you must visit the Site to take such actions .
You may also request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance with Section VII.A below .
D. Notice
Concerning Children
PLEASE NOTE :
We are a general audience site , and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age .
The Site and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children 's privacy online , and as such do not knowingly collect any personal information from any user under age 13 .
If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 13 , we will promptly delete any personal information in that user 's Account .
The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information that we obtain from you .
We store your personal information on our servers , which are located in secured facilities with restricted access , and protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security of such information .
In addition , we restrict access to personal information to Riot Games employees , independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop , operate and maintain the Site and the Game .
All Riot Games personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information .
However , no server , computer or communications network or system , or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect user information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party .
You acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
A. Public Forums and In-Game
Chat Text
The Site includes a section for interactive forums in the form of message boards ( the Forums ) to which users with an Account and an in-Game Summoner name may post .
Additionally , within the Game , you can participate in real-time interactive chat ( Chat ) with other players .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in the Forums or Chat becomes public information in which you relinquish any expectation of privacy .
Remember that Riot Games asks that you not disclose any personal information when posting in the Forums or in Chat , and you should exercise caution when deciding what information to share .
We reserve the right , but shall have no obligation , to monitor your use of the Forums or Chat .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
B .
Third Party Websites
The Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit other websites , we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites , and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies .
We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf , such as to fulfill product orders , collect billing information and process payments .
While providing services for us , these companies may access your personal information .
To the extent applicable , we require these entities to comply with this Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
Some of the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Site .
Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties , and are doing so pursuant to the third party 's privacy policy .
Riot Games has empowered its community of users ( the Community ) to police the compliance of other users with Riot Games ' policies as they apply to in-Game behavior .
Community members , including you as a user , are allowed to report players and submit descriptions of activity and actions of certain users within the Game , and collectively determine if that particular user was in compliance with all of the Riot Games policies relating to user conduct .
Consistent with the terms of The Riot Games Tribunal Policy , all Chat will be recorded by Riot Games and stored for a period determined by Riot Games in its sole discretion , which period Riot Games may change from time to time .
Should your in-Game actions be reported by another user , and should your case come before The Tribunal , the entire Chat log from that particular reported Game session will automatically be included in The Tribunal report and available for viewing by randomly selected members of the Community that participate in The Tribunal .
As stated above , please take care to not provide any personally identifiable information in the Chat , understanding that the Chat is public information in which you do not have an expectation of privacy .
Notwithstanding the above , Riot Games will not use any personally identifiable information that might appear within the Chat for any purposes whatsoever , beyond the automatic posting of the Chat log to the Tribunal report .
VI .
DISPUTE RESOLUTION A. Dispute Resolution Outside The European Union
If you are a resident of any country not a current member of the European Union , you agree that should any dispute or claim arise out of , or relate to , this Policy ( Claim ) , you will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the Claim directly with us .
You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for thirty ( 30 ) days after one party has provided written notice of the Claim to the other party , all parties shall join in mediation services in Los Angeles , California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute .
Should you file any arbitration claims , or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation , then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorneys ' fees , even if you would otherwise be entitled to them .
Riot Games will send its notice to the address we have on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact information to us ( e.g. by participating in a promotional or survey , or contacting a customer services representative ) .
Otherwise , we will send our notice to the email address associated with your Account .
You will send your notice to Riot Games , Inc. , 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA , 90404 , Attn : Legal Department .
Please note that this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim .
If you are a resident of a country that is a current member of the European Union and have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact Riot Games by mail at 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA , 90404 , or by email at privacy @ riotgames.com .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet at http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php , by mail at WatchDog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 Second Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 , by phone at 415-520-3400 , or by fax at 415-520-3420 .
If you are mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , see http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
A.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Policy , our practices regarding your personal information related to the Site or Game , or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database and deactivate your Account , please feel contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update or amend it by making the change on our member information page located at www.leagueoflegends.com/account , or by emailing our Privacy Customer Support at privacy @ riotgames.com , or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below .
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your Account and applicable services .
However , also note that when you delete your Account , we may retain your Account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities .
Newsletters If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter ( s ) , we will use your Summoner name and email address to send the newsletter to you .
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at privacy @ riotgames.com .
B. Updates and Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME ,
YOU SIGNIFY
THAT YOU HAVE READ , UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME .
C. Additional Policies
There are additional Riot Games legal policies that govern your use of the Site and the Game .
Please take time to review and familiarize yourself with both the Terms of Use and the EULA .
Riot Games : 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA 90404 , or by email at privacy @
riotgames.com
Miniclip Privacy Policy Last updated : 26th June 2013 Miniclip is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its products and services , such as Miniclip.com ( and its related sub-sites ) and all applications available on smartphone devices , tablets , browser and desktop ( together , the " Services " ) .
Miniclip.com is the property of Miniclip SA ( " Miniclip " ) .
Miniclip respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Services .
Miniclip does not target its Services to users under the age of 13 , but does take measures to help protect the privacy of those who are .
By using the Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing , collection , use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms .
Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy .
In this Privacy Policy ' non-personal data ' means data we may collect from you but which does not identify you directly .
This data may be ' aggregated ' with other data to help us improve our Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
We take special precautions respecting users under the age of 13 .
If a user chooses to register , they can input a date of birth , username and email address to set up an account .
The under-13 user 's account is limited to participating in those aspects of the Services that are deemed to be appropriate for users under 13 ; features of our Services that may involve the possibility of posting personal information , such as comments , are automatically disabled .
Immediately upon registration , the under-13 user 's email address is turned into an encrypted format , a " one way hash " , which we ca n't read and which is used to authenticate the user login process .
We do not permanently store the email addresses of users under 13 in a recoverable format and , because we do not retain the email addresses of under-13 users in a usable form after initial registration , we have no means of initiating contact with such users by email after registration .
The user name of registered users under 13 is not used as a means to contact such users .
We do not collect more personal data than is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user under 13 , to provide parental notice or to obtain parental consent , nor do we distribute to third parties any personal information collected from children known to be under 13 without parental consent .
Parents are invited to review their children 's information by contacting us as described below .
If you are 13 years of age or older and you choose to register to use the Services we will collect your date of birth , username , password and email
address and
we may collect other information such as your smartphone device type .
We may also collect non-personal data from registered users .
For instance , we may collect data relating to registered users ' use of the website and the Services , as well as that relating to their activities , such as high scores , game rankings , league rankings , game challenges , avatars etc .
We may log IP addresses and drop cookies or flash cookies to support the internal operations of the Services , such as to prevent abuse of the Services or to provide and/or enhance them .
Please note that IP addresses , if logged , are neither stored nor linked to any user account .
We may also collect anonymous , statistical data from users of the Services , such as a user 's browser version , operating system version , country , page loading time , type of device , number of visits , time using the Services , network , demographic estimates , flow-through the website and/or Services or referral source , which may then be aggregated .
We may use non-personal data that we collect from you to improve the Services or to support advertising services .
For registered users , this anonymous , statistical data may include that relating to their activities , such as high scores , game rankings , league rankings , game challenges , avatars etc .
If you register to use the Services via Facebook Connect , a service which you need to be over 13 years of age to use , you give us express permission to receive data from Facebook such as your name , user ID , gender , location ( country and/or city specific ) , email address , date of birth and avatar .
For Facebook Connect users we store the following information : user ID , first name , email address , date of birth , gender , avatar and other information based on your use of our Services .
Your email address and the access token ( by which Facebook grants us permission to access certain information ) are encrypted .
If , as a registered user , you choose to purchase any items while using the Services on Miniclip.com or elsewhere , we will be able to access your payment information which is collected by our payment processing providers who ensure your credit card information is encrypted .
Miniclip does not store your credit card information .
When using our smartphone applications certain features like our newsfeed may collect additional non-personal data from you including , without limitation , device , platform , hashed MAC address , device operating system version and/or generated device identifier information ; this data is used to support internal operations only .
We may collect country and/or city information so that we can send push notifications at more convenient times .
If you would like to opt out of these notifications , you can disable notifications to the relevant app using the settings in your smartphone .
Please contact support @ miniclip.com for more information on how to control access to your information .
Miniclip does not require users under 13 years of age to disclose any more information than is reasonably necessary to use the Services and/or as a condition of participation .
We do not retain any personal data for longer than necessary .
We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms .
By using the Services and agreeing to this Privacy Policy , users over 13 years of age authorise us to use their information for our general commercial purposes including to send email , SMS or other notifications to them relating to the Services .
We may sometimes use information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Services , to customize our Services or to personalise our visitors ' experience or to offer products , advertising , programs and services .
We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyse usage of the Services or to offer products , programs , or additional services .
Miniclip may disclose information to third parties in special cases , such as ( 1 ) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Miniclip 's property , visitors , or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities or to comply with the law , applicable regulations , governmental and quasi-governmental requests , court orders or subpoenas ; ( 2 ) our agents , outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf ( e.g. , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing customer service , processing orders , etc. ) ; ( 3 ) when the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you ; ( 4 ) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase , transfer or sale of services or assets ( e.g. , in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party , customer information may be one of the transferred assets ) ; or ( 5 ) as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy .
We do not disclose personal data of users under 13 years of age to any third parties .
We use Google Adsense and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving ads when you visit Miniclip.com .
We use web analytics tools , such as Google Analytics , to analyse the use of the Services .
Miniclip may use information about your use of the Services in order to provide advertisements for goods and services that may be of interest to you .
We may also share non-personal information that we collect from you with our business partners or clients so that they may improve their services .
Third party companies , including those whose games run on Miniclip.com , may ask for information from you which would be governed by the privacy policy of such companies ; in which case they should provide adequate disclosure of their privacy policies to you .
We advise you to take care when any company or third party game provider asks you to input personal data .
Third parties ( including ad networks , ad exchanges , advertisers and/or game developers whose games can be found on the Site but which are hosted on servers elsewhere )
and/or Miniclip may be placing and reading standard and/or flash cookies on your browser and machine , or using web beacons to collect non-personal information in the course of your use of the Services .
You may manage or opt out of your flash cookies by emailing support @ miniclip.com .
You may manage or opt out of your standard cookies via your web browser and if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please email us at support @ miniclip.com .
While using the Services you may be able to connect to social networking sites or find games and products of other companies .
Please note that your use of these other companies ' services , such as Facebook Connect or Club Penguin , will be governed by the relevant operator 's terms and conditions and privacy policy .
If you would like to delete , amend or update your data or the way we may use it , including opting out of any marketing emails then please do email us at support @ miniclip.com .
In our provision of the Services we have implemented appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorised access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online .
We use industry-standard practices such as encryption , physically secured rooms , firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information that we might collect from you .
We also strive to limit access to personal information to employees performing a legitimate business function .
We review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods .
Parents , if you would like to review your child 's information , ask to have it deleted , and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child 's information , then please send a letter to our Privacy Manager at Miniclip S.A. , Rue des Beaux-Arts 8 , 2000 , Neuchtel , Switzerland .
Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you .
Our phone number is +
41 327 235902 .
To protect your child 's privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child .
This Privacy Policy is part of Miniclip 's Terms and Conditions to which you agree by using the Services , including accessing the Miniclip.com website .
You agree that Miniclip may change this Privacy Policy and the Miniclip Terms and Conditions at any time .
Our current Privacy Policy will be posted here :
http : //www.miniclip.com/privacy as part of our Terms and Conditions which you can find here : http : //www.miniclip.com/games/page/en/terms-and-conditions .
Our contact email for questions is : support @ miniclip.com .
Or you can write to us at Miniclip S.A. , Rue des Beaux-Arts 8 , 2000 , Neuchtel , Switzerland .
Miniclip recommends that parents take time to communicate and educate their children about Internet Safety .
Please see the Miniclip Internet Safety webpage for information on Internet Safety : http : //www.miniclip.com/games/page/en/internet-safety/
If you 're reading this , it 's because you want to know what information we , Kongregate , Inc. , are collecting on www.kongregate.com or from Kongregate mobile games , what we 're doing with it , and what your options are .
If you have any questions or concerns after reading this , please email us at privacy @
kongregate.com .
This Privacy Policy applies to the Kongregate website located at www.kongregate.com ( Site ) and to all mobile games published by Kongregate ( Mobile Applications ) .
It also applies to information we collect about you offline , such as in telephone calls or through email correspondence .
By accessing the Site and/or the Mobile Applications , you agree to and accept this Privacy Policy .
This privacy policy is effective as of July 1 , 2013 .
In the future , our Site or Mobile Application practices may change , and if appropriate , we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes , and you agree that the information we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect that information .
We 'll post the updated version here and may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy Policy .
In addition , we suggest that you review this Privacy Policy periodically , as it may be updated from time to time .
Information You Provide on Site :
You provide certain personally identifiable information ( such as your name and email address ) to Kongregate when choosing to participate in various activities on the Site such as chat , posting messages in the games comment section or in our forums , sending feedback , entering contests , responding to surveys , or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists .
Such information , and additional information ( such as address and credit or debit card information ) may be collected when uploading a game , or making a purchase .
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in our online chat rooms , forums , game comments or in creating user " profiles " .
Information that you disclose in these areas is public information , and will be accessible to anyone who uses our Site .
However , you may choose to have your profile page be public or private .
In the case where you chose to make your profile page private , the information there ( including challenges won , " my friends " list , etc. )  
will only be visible to you .
Other Site Information We Track :
This Site uses passive tracking technologies to log information such as IP address , browser type , pages visited , and Site usage ( for example : what pages are accessed , how often , referring/exit pages and URLs ) .
We may also employ " cookies " or similar technologies such as web beacons , match scripts , or pixel tags that provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately .
You can set your browser to reject cookies , but if you do , some features on our Site will not function normally .
Invite a Friend
: You may invite friends to join the Kongregate community by using the " invite a friend " feature .
You will be required to submit your name and email address , as well as their name and email address .
Your friend 's personal information that you submit in this feature will be used only to send the email you request , and will not be otherwise stored or maintained by Kongregate .
Information You Provide via Mobile Applications :
You may have the option to link your Mobile account to your Site account in certain Mobile Applications .
This will allow you to participate in content that crosses between the Site and Mobile games , such as Kongregate level points and badges .
If you choose this linking option the information we receive via the Site may also apply to Mobile Applications , and information we receive via your Mobile account may also apply to your usage of the Site and your Site account .
Information We Receive Through Mobile Applications
: If you play a Kongregate game on a mobile device ( such as your phone or tablet ) we can collect mobile device identifiers that can include things like your MAC address and IP address .
We may also collect information such as device name and type , operating system , telephone number , country , and any other information you choose to provide such as your game character name or e-mail address .
Additionally , we may access third party information such as your phone or Facebook contacts provided
you allow your device to connect to services and you have given the application permission to access this information .
We may only collect this information with your authorization and according to the rules you have established within your device permissions .
Mobile Application Notifications : With your consent , Kongregate mobile applications may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game information , news , updates , or other relevant information .
You can manage these updates from the options ' or settings ' page from within the Mobile Application or from your device control panel that manages these notifications .
Do Not Track :
Do Not Track ( DNT ) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers , allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services .
At the present time , the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals , and , therefore , Kongregate does not recognize DNT .
We use the information we collect from the Site and Mobile Applications to respond to your requests and provide customer service , to remit revenue share payments , process credit card payments , let you know about new games and other news from Kongregate , ask for your input and feedback on what we are doing , provide personalized services and recommendations , to make certain offers available that we believe may be of interest to you , and as may otherwise be described in this Privacy Policy or at the time that we collect information from you .
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally identifiable Site usage data to improve the quality and design of the Site and Mobile Applications , to make certain offers and available that we believe may be of interest to you,and to create new features , promotions , and services by storing , tracking , and analyzing user preferences and trends .
We may also combine the information you submit to us with information we have collected from you in other forums , such as through emails or offline , or with publicly available information or information we obtain from third parties .
When so combined , we or our business partners may use the combined information to make offers to you that we believe may be of interest to you .
As part of our regular business conduct , we may share information with companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf , such as companies providing technological or fulfillment services or acting as our marketing partners .
In the event that there is a change of corporate ownership , the new owners will of course be provided with our files , including information you have submitted .
We will provide information in response to subpoenas , and we also will share information with government officials , including law enforcement officials or court authorities , in order to initiate or cooperate with any law enforcement or governmental investigation .
Unless we tell you first ( such as at the time we collect information from you ) , or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to participate , we do not share personally identifiable information that we have collected ( such as name or email address ) with other , third-party companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes .
From time to time we may include at the Site or on Mobile Applications links to other websites as a service to you .
The third party sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control , and your activities at those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties .
We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information , as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
We sometimes work with third parties to add features , advertisements , or offers to our Site or Mobile Applications .
These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit certain pages , or collect cookies that they have previously placed , along with the URL of the page you visited .
We may have to pass these providers a non-personally identifiable user number specific to your Mobile Application to properly credit your account .
Additionally , both the Site and Mobile Applications may utilize third party tracking services to anonymously analyze your usage activity , which will be used to improve your Site or Mobile Application experience .
We do not control those third parties or their use of data .
In some cases we may provide tools for you to limit data sent to third parties .
This privacy policy does not cover those third parties ' use of data .
To personalize the Site , and to simplify the registration process , we give you the option to link your account with Facebook .
When you link your account , Facebook may share data about you with us , and we may share information about you with Facebook .
In addition , Kongregate users who are your friends on Facebook will be shown your Kongregate username if you have both linked your Facebook accounts .
For more detail on how this feature works , please see our FAQ .
We use standard and reasonable technological and procedural measures to protect the information you provide .
We urge you to protect your password by not sharing it with anyone else , and to take measures to prevent it from unauthorized access or disclosure .
For example , select number and letter combinations that would be difficult for a third party ( or hacking program ) to determine , and do not write down your password next to your computer .
To learn more about how to protect yourself online , we encourage you to visit the government 's website at www.onguardonline.gov .
The Site and Mobile Applications are designed for and directed at people 18 years of age or older .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 .
If Kongregate learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will terminate access to the account immediately and will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) .
If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13 , please contact us at privacy @
kongregate.com .
For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :  www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm http : //www.onguardonline.gov/features/
feature-0002-featured-info-parents
If you are receiving Kongregate email advertisements and no longer wish to receive those email messages , you may opt out at the time you receive the message by following the instructions in that email .
Please allow ten ( 10 ) days for your request to be processed .
If you wish to review and edit or delete information you have provided to Kongregate , you may access your account information on the Site at any time by clicking on your username at the top of the Site homepage .
If you do not agree with the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy , it may be best to limit your level of interaction with our Site or Mobile Applications , which could include simply not providing us with personal information .
While this will limit the services that our Site and Mobile Applications are able to provide ( chat , friends lists , challenges , etc. ) , most of the games will remain playable .
This option may be best for those who do not wish to provide the mandatory information required to set up an account .
For questions or concerns regarding the use of personal information you submit to us , please contact us at privacy @
kongregate.com .
ELECTRONIC ARTS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY Effective Date : June 28 , 2013 By registering for an Origin Account ( formerly known as an EA Account )
( " Account " ) , using this site and/or any of EA 's online or mobile products and services , you agree to EA 's Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the USA .
By registering , you agree that EA may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EA 's Terms of Service .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EA SITE , ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE .
If we change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child 's information , we will notify you or the parent/guardian here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect .
Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy .
TABLE OF CONTENTS I. EA Online
And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction II .
EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified III .
What Is Personal Information
And When Does EA Collect It ?
IV .
What Is Non-Personal Information
And When Does EA Collect It ?
V .
Information Provided to EA
By Third Parties .
VI .
What Happens To The Information EA Collects ? VII .
Where Is The Information Held ?
VIII .
How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information ?
IX .
Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And
Deactivating Your Account X. A Special Note About Children XI .
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles XII .
Third Party Sites XIII .
Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s ) XIV .
Contact Information XV .
California Residents :
Your California Privacy Rights XVI .
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration EA and its subsidiary companies know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you .
We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites , during your use of our online products and/or services ( including online game play ) and on mobile platforms .
This policy does not cover information provided online in response to job postings .
Please review the EA Jobs Data Privacy Statement on EA 's jobs site at www.jobs.ea.com for further information .
If you reside in the United States , Canada or Japan , these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc .
If you reside in any other country , then these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Swiss Srl .
This policy also applies to TRUSTe certified EA Websites .
To view a list of these Validated EA Websites , please visit www.
TRUSTe.com .
In addition , EA owns several other domain names that point to the websites referenced above .
We may also add new sites that are subject to this privacy policy and that list will be updated to include those .
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by EA , and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link .
EA complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
EA has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view EA 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor .
EA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Privacy Program Requirements available at truste.com including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
EA collects both personal and non-personal consumer information .
Personal information collected by EA is discussed below in this section .
Non-personal information is discussed below in Section IV .
Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone , to contact you on-line or off-line .
EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during :  - Contest registration and prize acceptance ; - Warranty registration and requests ; - Customer support and/or technical service requests ; - Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions ; - Registration for games and/or special game-specific events ; - Newsletter subscriptions , referral services , and other marketing surveys and email campaigns ; - Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts ; - Creation of a personal profile ; - Product , service and/or subscription orders ; - Service requests from third party service providers on our site ; - Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services ; and - Otherwise through use of our software , mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation .
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name , email address , phone number , home address , birth date , mobile phone number and credit card information .
Visitors to EA Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier , model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone .
In that context , your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose .
Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes , and will be used only for prize fulfillment .
Non-personal information , alone , can not be used to identify or contact you .
EA collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage ( on PC , mobile and game system platforms ) .
We will retain your information for as long as your Origin Account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your Origin Account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information .
A .
What Types of Non-Personal Information Does EA Collect ?
When you use EA online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information for purposes including improving our products and services , troubleshooting bugs , providing services to you , facilitating the provision of software updates , dynamically served content and product support as well as communicating with you .
The non-personal information collected may include demographic information including gender , age , zip code , information about your computer , hardware , software , platform , game system , media , mobile device , including unique device IDs or other device identifiers , incident data , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , network Media Access Control ( MAC ) address and connection .
We also collect other non-personal information such as username , user ID or persona , feature usage , game play statistics , scores and achievements , user rankings , time spent playing our games , and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys , via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases , for instance .
We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
B .
How Does EA Collect Non-Personal Information ?
EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases , game registration and marketing surveys , for instance .
In addition , we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information , personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below .
We may also derive from the information collected other facts , such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address .
1 .
Cookies Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites .
We may link cookie information to personal information .
Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store , pages you have viewed , or games you have played .
This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly , for example .
Also , we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage .
We and third parties collect information on what games are played , how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked .
Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads .
These ads contain cookies .
Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies , and EA does not have access to this information .
Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent .
However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so .
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer , or limit the type of cookies you allow .
For more information concerning how to disable your cookies , please visit help.ea.com .
We and other third parties may also use flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer .
One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com .
If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games , as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities .
Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies .
Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
2 .
Clear GIFs And Tracking Pixels Clear GIFs ( a.k.a. web bugs , beacons or tags ) are small graphic images placed on a web page , web-based document , or in an email message .
Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the web page , document or email message .
We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you .
However , we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages , features or other elements on a web page .
We correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages .
We and third parties may also use tracking pixels , which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation .
3 .
Internet Log Files EA and other third parties also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses .
An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider .
In general , we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites , to troubleshoot technical problems and authenticate users ' entitlements to our products .
In the event of user abuse of our websites , however , we may block certain IP addresses or game system IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers .
If available , IP addresses and game system IDs may be used in order to enforce our Terms of Service .
4 .
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC , game system and/or mobile device .
These tools and technologies use server log files , web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information , including cookies , IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , mobile or other hardware device ID or other device identifiers , browser types , browser language , information passed from your browser ( if any ) , referring and exit pages , and URLs , platform type , click information , information about your media , peripheral hardware , software and/or applications installed on your machine and/or device , domain names and types , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , advertising conversion rates , the date and amount of time spent on particular pages , other Internet and website usage information , game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games , information about how your game is used , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage and purchase history , as well as unique hardware identifiers such as MAC Address , mobile unique device ID ( if applicable ) and other similar information .
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our sites and in the context of our online and mobile products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
Some EA websites and services use Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc .
( " Google " ) .
Google Analytics uses " Cookies " , text files that are stored on your PC and that enables the analysis of your usage of this website .
The information about your usage of websites , collected through these cookies , will be transmitted to and stored on Google server based in the US .
On behalf of EA , Google will use this information in order to evaluate your usage of this websites , to make reports on website activities and/or to provide the website operator with other services related to this websites .
Your IP-address collected by Google Analytics will not be matched up with other data of Google .
You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings .
Please note that if you disable cookies , it is possible that you may not use all functionalities of EA 's websites .
You may also prevent the cookies from collecting and storing your information by downloading and installing the following browser-plugin under the following link http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ?
hl=en .
A non-exclusive list of the other analytics companies that operate their own technologies on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
5 .
Ad Serving Technology EA 's websites , online or mobile products or services may employ proprietary or third party ad serving technologies that use cookies , clear GIFs , web beacons , tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our products or services as well as to help track results .
Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your game , web browser or mobile device and replaced while you are online .
We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the site , online or mobile product or service and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad , and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including IP address ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , device ID 's , information about your software , applications and hardware , browser information ( and/or information passed via your browser ) , hardware , machine or device make and model , advertisement ( s ) served , in game location , length of time an advertisement was visible , other Internet and website usage information , web pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you ( as well as date and time ) , domain type , size of the advertisement , advertisement response ( if any ) , and angle of view .
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology .
The advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected or obtained from EA with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your web browser 's activities across their network of websites .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
A non-exclusive list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
For more information about the practices of other large ad serving companies that may collect information based on your interaction with ads on this site , in our mobile products , and other sites or products not owned/managed by EA , or to " opt out " of targeted advertising delivered by National Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) member ad networks , you should visit www.networkadvertising.org .
For more information about targeted advertising within our mobile products or to opt out , see the appendix to this policy at privacyappendix.ea.com .
These ad serving technologies are integrated into our sites , online or mobile products and services ; if you do not want to use this technology , do not play .
6 .
Anti-
Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games .
To prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player , EA is authorized to use " anti-cheating " software , or applications for the prevention of fraud for our internet presence , during the use of our online products and/or services ( including online games ) , and mobile platforms .
At login to EA online products and/or services , during the setup of an Origin account , and/or at the point of sale , EA may collect data about your device in order to create a hash of machine components .
Information collected for this purpose shall not be stored in retrievable form .
EA uses the collected information for the prevention of fraud , and for authentication purposes .
EA may consolidate the machine hash created for this purpose with your Origin account ; data consolidated this way will not be shared with any other third party , and will be used exclusively for security , fraud prevention and authentication purposes by EA .
EA also obtains personal and non-personal information from third parties as discussed below .
EA only uses this data for purposes consistent with this policy .
1 .
PlayStation3 computer entertainment system If you sign up to play EA games through a PlayStation3 computer entertainment system , your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your name , email address , online ID , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
2 .
Xbox Live If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft 's Xbox Live Service , Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's Xbox Live titles .
By signing up to play EA 's Xbox Live titles , you agree that Microsoft can transfer your user account information to EA .
Information transferred from Microsoft to EA includes your Gamertag , email address , state or province , country , language and age but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
3 .
Wii U
If you sign up to play EA games through a Nintendo Wii U console , your Nintendo account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your Mii information , email address , Nintendo Network ID , friend list , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
4 .
Other Information Collected From Third Parties
EA may also receive other information from third parties , including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you .
Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission .
By playing an EA game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network , platform or service via one of our products and/or services , you are authorizing EA to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to EA through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface ( API ) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform .
Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network , platform or service via our products and/or services , and/or when you connect with , " accept " or " allow " ( or similar terms ) one of our applications through a social network , or other third party platform or service .
EA may also collect or receive information about you from other EA users who choose to upload their email and other contacts .
This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect .
EA may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
A .
How EA Uses
Your Information EA uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information .
In addition , the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest .
You may also later opt out of such communications sent via email .
Otherwise , EA uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better enhance your user experience , improve our products and services , understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve advertising , for authentication purposes , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them .
In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , for purposes including providing excellent customer service , administering loyalty programs and tailoring our communications , offerings , web pages or game play experience to you .
By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook , Game Center or other third party services in our online and mobile products and services , you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Origin Account ( and related gaming entitlements , including games played on PC , mobile and console platforms ) with your social networking profile and/or email address .
Your resulting friends ' list , which may be accessible across EA social platforms as available , will be subject to this privacy policy .
Note that the friends that you choose to include on any EA or Origin friends ' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different EA products and services , and see the profiles you have established .
Those friends may also be able to see the gamertags that you use across EA 's suite of products and services .
Choose your friends carefully .
If you choose to use our referral service to " Tell a Friend " about an EA product or site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product .
EA stores your friend 's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking , to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message .
We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose .
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings and achievements ) generated through your participation .
B.
Will EA Share My Information With Third Parties ?
EA will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent .
We may , however , share non-personally identifiable , aggregated and/or public information with third parties .
There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own .
Please see section XI for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on EA including user generated content , forums , blogs , and profiles .
You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared , please contact that partner or sponsor directly .
EA does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy , provided however , that in the event of a merger , acquisition , or the unlikely event of bankruptcy , management of EA customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age .
From time to time , EA employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery , product , prize or promotional fulfillment , contest administration , credit card processing , shipping or other services on our sites .
When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , mailing address , telephone number and email address to our contractors .
We ask some third party contractors , such as credit agencies , data analytics or market research firms , to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies , so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors ' needs and preferences .
To enrich our understanding of individual customers , we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us .
When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal , anonymous and/or aggregated data , EA requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent .
You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party .
We may also access and disclose personal information , including personal communications , in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services , to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on EA .
Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy .
See Section XI for more details .
EA is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which EA collects , stores , and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the United States and The Netherlands .
We may also utilize data storage facilities located in Asia , Canada and/or the European Union .
Your personal information may be transferred to , used , processed or held by EA in the United States and in other countries , including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union and Asia , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy .
EA understands the importance of keeping your information safe and secure .
EA will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems .
When you enter sensitive financial information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using commercially reasonable methods .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
We can not guarantee that your information will not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems .
You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to " My Account , " and viewing your " Basic Information " or other account settings .
Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account ( s ) deactivated , contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country as listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate .
We may still retain your information in our files however , to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security , integrity and operation of our websites .
Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site .
However , in such cases , you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at privacyadmin.ea.com and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request .
If you 've granted EA access to your Facebook account information through an EA or Playfish application , you may request that EA delete your Facebook information by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator listed at privacyadmin.ea.com and specifying the Facebook application used .
Note that as a result of deleting your data associated with an application on Facebook , you will no longer have access to that application .
Many EA online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children .
When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information , or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information .
At that time , we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available , how we will use the information and other practices .
We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services .
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA 's online or mobile products and services , this may include such general audience communication services as email , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages .
Parents can review , edit , request the deletion , or prevent further collection or use of their children 's personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to privacy_policy @ ea.com ; writing to Privacy Policy Administrator , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City , CA 94065 ; or calling ( 650 ) 628-1393 .
Alternatively , you may also contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent .
We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online .
You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely .
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy ( see Section VIII above ) .
If we change how we handle your child 's information , we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy .
Under no circumstances do we condition a child 's participation in an activitylike contestson the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
On certain sites , we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent .
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to EA sites or games or in our online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user " profiles " for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted , public information , may be accessed or recorded by EA employees , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there .
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums .
Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity , certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies .
EA has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share .
If you post a video , image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied and/or used by other users without your consent .
We are not responsible for the videos , images or photos that you choose to submit to EA 's site .
Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites .
Our website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party .
If you click on a link to a third party site , including on an advertisement , you will leave the EA site you are visiting and go to the site you selected .
Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as EA .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services .
If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
Members may register for other services from our site ( s ) .
Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services .
Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration .
If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the EA Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address or postal address specified at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If your country is not listed , please contact the United States ' Privacy Policy Administrator or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed , you should contact TRUSTe here or at https :
//feedback.truste.com as instructed above .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .
Please note that the TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website , and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website .
For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy , visit privacy.ea.com .
Under California law , California Residents who have an established business relationship with Electronic Arts Inc .
( EA ) or one of its subsidiaries may choose to opt out of EA disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval .
If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval , email privacy_policy @ ea.com or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
The purpose of this Section is to provide a streamlined method for resolution of disputes between us if they arise .
As discussed below , if we can not resolve our disputes informally and you are awarded a sum at arbitration greater than EA 's last settlement offer to you ( if any ) , EA will pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5000 over and above your arbitration award .
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY .
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS .
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by logging into our customer support interface with your Origin Account at help.ea.com .
In the unlikely event that EA can not resolve a concern to your satisfaction ( or if EA can not resolve a concern it has with you after attempting to do so informally ) , then you and EA agree to be bound by the following procedure to resolve any and all disputes between us .
This provision applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law , but expressly excludes residents of Quebec , Russia , Switzerland , the Member States of the European Union , and the Republic of Korea .
By accepting these terms , you and EA expressly waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action .
This agreement is intended to be interpreted broadly .
This Section covers any and all disputes between us ( " Disputes " ) , including without limitation :  - claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us , whether based in contract , tort , statute , fraud , misrepresentation or any other legal theory ; - claims that arose before this Agreement or any prior agreement ( including , but not limited to , claims relating to advertising ) ; - claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class ; and - claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement .
The only disputes that are not covered by this Section are the following :  - a claim to enforce or protect , or concerning the validity of , any of your or EA 's ( or any of EA 's licensors ' ) intellectual property rights ; - a claim related to , or arising from , allegations of theft , piracy , or unauthorized use ; - In addition , nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from initiating a small claims court action .
References to " EA , " " you , " and " us " include our respective subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , employees , predecessors in interest , successors , and assigns , as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Software under this or prior Agreements between us .
This arbitration provision evidences a transaction in interstate commerce , and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision .
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Service .
A. Informal Negotiations/Notice of Dispute .
You and EA agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration .
Such informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ( " Notice of Dispute " ) .
Notices of Dispute must : ( a ) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party ; ( b ) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute ; and ( c ) set forth the specific relief sought ( " Demand " ) .
EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing address ( if you provided it to us ) or to the email address you provided to us .
You will send your Notice of Dispute to : Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City
CA 94065 , ATTENTION :
Legal Department .
B. Binding Arbitration .
If you and EA are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations within 30 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute , either you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration .
Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other .
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT
BY THIS PROVISION , YOU AND EA
ARE FOREGOING THE RIGHT
TO SUE IN COURT
AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL .
The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) and , where appropriate , the AAA 's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ( AAA Consumer Rules ) , both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org .
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and , where appropriate , limited by the AAA Consumer Rules .
If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive , or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration , then EA will promptly pay all arbitration fees and expenses .
The arbitration may be conducted in person , through the submission of documents , by phone or online .
The arbitrator will make a decision in writing , and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party .
The arbitrator must follow applicable law , and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so .
You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration , to stay proceeding pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
C. Restrictions .
You and EA agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between EA and you individually .
To the full extent permitted by law , ( 1 ) no arbitration shall be joined with any other ; ( 2 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures ; and ( 3 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons .
YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY , AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING .
Further , unless both you and EA agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding .
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable , then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void .
D. Location .
If you are a resident of the United States , arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you .
For residents outside the United States , arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo , State of California , United States of America , and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court , in order to compel arbitration , to stay proceedings pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
E. Recovery and Attorneys ' Fees .
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA 's last written settlement offer made before written submissions are made to the arbitrator , then EA will :  - Pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5,000 over and above your arbitration award ; and - Pay your attorney , if any , the amount of attorneys ' fees , and reimburse any expenses ( including expert witness fees and costs )
that you or your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating , preparing , and pursuing your claim in arbitration ( " the attorney premium " ) .
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees , expenses , and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator 's ruling on the merits .
The right to attorneys ' fees and expenses discussed above supplements any right to attorneys ' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law , although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys ' fees or costs .
EA waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration between us .
F. Limitation on Arbitrator 's Authority .
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party 's individual claim .
G. Changes to This Provision .
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary , we agree that if EA makes any future change to this arbitration provision ( other than a change to the Notice Address ) , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above .
By rejecting any future change , you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision .
Version 54402_9
This policy covers how Chess.com treats personal information that Chess.com collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Chess.com products and services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Chess.com does not own or control , or to people that Chess.com does not employ or manage .
In addition , certain Chess.com services may have their own associated privacy statements .
Chess.com collects personal information when you register with Chess.com , when you use Chess.com products or services , when you visit Chess.com pages or the pages of certain Chess.com partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes .
Chess.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
Once you register with Chess.com and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Chess.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , Chess.com cookie information , and the page you request .
Chess.com uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
Chess.com may set and access Chess.com cookies ' on your computer .
Chess.com lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Chess.com 's cookies .
These third-party advertising companies serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over - not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site .
This includes the DoubleClick DART cookie which enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org .
Notwithstanding any other provision in this policy , in visiting this site , a third-party advertiser ( or its partners ) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
These cookies enable more customized ads , content or services to be provided to you .
To trigger these cookies , we may pass an encrypted or " hashed " ( non-human readable ) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner , who may place a cookie on your computer .
No personally identifiable information is on , or is connected to , these cookies .
To opt-out of these cookies , please go to http : //www.privacychoice.org/companies or http : //www.aboutads.info/choices .
You can edit your Chess.com account information at any time .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Chess.com service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Chess.com Newsletter , that are considered part of your Chess.com account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
You can delete your account by contacting Chess.com .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
Chess.com does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Chess.com under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help Chess.com communicate with you about offers from Chess.com and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Chess.com 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Chess.com is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Chess.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Policy Updates Chess.com may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Chess.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
Privacy Policy WILLIAM HILL 'S PRIVACY POLICY LAST UPDATED : April 30 , 2013
Your privacy is important to American Wagering , Inc. ( together , with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies , referred to as William Hill , us , our , or we ) therefore we have developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect , use , disclose , transfer and store your information .
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices so you can make an informed decision as to whether to use our Services ( as defined in our Terms of Service ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to William Hill .
It does not apply to the practices of companies we do not own or control , or to people that we do not employ .
Though our website may contain links to other websites we are not responsible for , nor does our privacy policy apply to , those websites operated by third parties .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Service .
We collect information in order to : Enable us to set up , operate and manage your remote wagering account so that you can make full use of our Services ; Verify your location , age and identity when you are using your remote wagering account ; Comply with relevant regulations regarding your registration ; Enable us to receive questions and comments from you so we can provide technical assistance ; Keep you informed of future events , offers and promotions .
We also collect , use , share , transfer and store information as set forth below .
Through our website , kiosks , your wireless device utilizing the William Hill Mobile Sports App , our Ticket Writers , and the remote account wagering registration process we collect Personal and Non-Personal Information ( as defined below ) .
PERSONAL INFORMATION is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person .
Registration Information .
When you register for or use our Services and download the William Hill Mobile Sports App , we may collect Personal Information from you , such as your name , date of birth , mailing address , email address , mobile phone number , wireless carrier , telephone number , and fax number through which you can be identified .
We may also ask you for Personal Information such as your credit or debit card number , financial account number , driver 's license number , state identification card number , Social Security number , passport number , naturalization number , and/or the beneficiary of your William Hill money bearing account ( i.e. , your William Hill remote wagering account ) , which when combined with your name is then deemed Confidential Personal Information .
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION is information about you or your activities through which you can not be personally identified .
In situations where it is possible to do so , Non-Personal Information may be linked to Personal Information . Non-
Personal Information includes :  Profile Information .
When using our Services you may provide other information such as interests and hobbies , age , gender , relationship status , purchase information , favorite sports type and team preference , fan affiliation and wagering activity .
We call this Profile Information .
Location Information .
To provide our Services to you , we collect and use information related to the actual geographic location of your wireless device ; we obtain this information from your wireless carrier , certain third-party service providers , or directly from the wireless device you used to register for our Services .
Cookies and other technologies .
When you use our Services we may send and access one or more cookies ( a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier which is sent to your browser from a website or computer and stored on your hardware ) .
We use cookies to remember personal information when you use our website , online services , and applications .
We may use this information during your subsequent visits .
Please review your web browser Help file to learn how to modify your cookie settings .
Log File Information .
When you use our Services , our servers automatically gather and store certain information about your usage .
These server logs may include information such as a wireless device identification number and device identifier , web requests , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , browser language , referring / exit pages and URLs , platform type , number of clicks , domain names , search terms , ratings , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , features used in our Services , our wireless application ( s ) , alerts received , advertisements delivered , the amount of time spent on particular screens , the dates and times of your requests , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser .
Except for Confidential Personal Information , we may use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for our own marketing purposes , including notifying you of special promotions , offers and events specifically tailored to you and your special interests via mail , email , telephone , text message , and other means .
Confidential Personal Information will not be used for our own marketing purposes without your express consent .
With your consent , we use your Confidential Personal Information , Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information to enable us to set up , operate , and manage your remote wagering account , and to provide to you , and maintain , all of the features ( including text invitations to private contests or tournaments , alerts to changes in the odds or close of betting session for a game , injury reports , or winning a game , a contest or a tournament , and updates to the William Hill Mobile Sports App ) and functionality of our Services .
With your consent , we also use your location information to determine whether ( i ) you are in a jurisdiction where our Services are lawful , ( ii ) your wireless device matches your account while you are in the William Hill Services approved jurisdiction , ( iii ) which of our Services alerts are relevant to you .
We reserve the right to use your anonymous location information for other purposes .
We may also use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information ( such as location and anonymous log file information ) to track and analyze your user preferences and trends to improve the quality and design of our Services and to create new features , promotions , functionality , and services .
We may further use cookies and log file information to : ( i ) remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use or visit our Services , ( ii ) provide custom and personalized content , advertisements , and information , ( iii ) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns , and ( iv ) monitor aggregate usage metrics .
We may also use a third-party data source to verify your mobile phone number is on a wireless provider we support .
If you have a supported mobile phone number and device , then we may send a text message to your phone in order to verify your custody of that handset .
If your carrier or handset is not supported , then we may store your mobile phone number and may send a one-time text message to you when our Services become available on your wireless provider or handset .
We may use your email address or mobile number from time-to-time to send you messages from us such as privacy or security related notices , notifying you of major updates to our Services , or for other customer service purposes .
Except for Confidential Personal Information , we may share Personal Information and Non-Personal Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliated companies , or other businesses or persons to :
( i )
the extent necessary to permit validation of your identity , completion of a purchase or credit transaction , processing and recording of a betting transaction , or other legitimate non-marketing business purposes , ( ii ) provide certain features , ( iii ) serve relevant advertisements in support of our Services , and ( iv ) process such information on our behalf .
We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy and use appropriate confidentiality and security measures , and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information .
We may disclose aggregate , anonymous log file and usage information in reports to interested third parties to assist those parties in understanding the usage patterns and performance results of certain advertisements , content , services , promotions , or features .
For example , we may provide aggregate level reports to an advertising partner for the purpose of showing delivery and performance statistics of a specific advertising campaign .
We may release Personal Information , including Confidential Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information if required to do so by law , or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order , subpoena , or search warrant .
We may also disclose Confidential Personal Information , Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information about you if we determine , in good faith , that disclosure is reasonably necessary to : enforce our Terms of Service ; take precautions against liability ; protect users from or to investigate , prevent or take action regarding fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses or activities ; investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations ; assist government enforcement agencies ; protect the security or integrity of our Services ; or protect our rights , property , or personal safety or those of our users , or others .
We may share or sell your anonymous location information to third parties .
We may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event we will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
You may update your account information at any time by contacting us at contact @ williamhill.us .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making changes .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and to protect personal information about you , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information that we receive on your behalf to operate our Services or that you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
We also can not guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps and/or post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law .
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under 21 years of age .
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of someone under 21 years of age we will take the appropriate steps to protect this information .
If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has submitted personal information , you may alert us at contact @
williamhill.us .
Our Services are based in the United States .
You may not utilize the William Hill Mobile Sports App outside of Nevada .
If you are using any other services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , then please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States and by providing your personal data you consent to that transfer .
Third-party advertisers or ad network companies may sometimes deliver ( or serve ) advertisements , that may appear on our website , directly to users .
These companies may automatically receive your IP address or other information about your wireless device or personal computer when serving advertisements .
These third parties may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and web beacons ( also known as 11 gifs ) to measure the effectiveness of the advertisements served and to personalize advertising content .
Doing this allows the advertiser or ad network to recognize your computer or wireless device each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of the ad and to personalize advertising content .
These companies may compile information about the sites or services visited when seeing advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked .
We do not access or have control of the cookies that these third-party advertisers or ad networks may place .
Likewise , third party advertisers and ad networks do not have access to your personal information stored with us unless you choose to share it with them .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of tracking technologies or personal data by any such third-party advertisers or ad networks .
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties .
In the event that we are acquired by or merge with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control so that our Services can continue operations .
In the unlikely event of a bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred , or used .
This Privacy Policy describes our current practices and may be revised from time to time without further notice to you .
Our policy indicates when it was Last Updated .
Thus , please visit our website and review this Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any changes .
Your continued use of our Services after the posting of any changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please email us at legal @
williamhill.us or contact us at : William Hill Legal Department Privacy Policy Issues 6325 S. Rainbow Blvd. ,
Suite 100 Las Vegas , NV 89118 By using our Services ( including , the William Hill Mobile Sports App )
, you consent to : ( 1 ) receive text messages , ( including advertisements ) , data , emails and information sent through other data channels ; ( 2 ) pay carrier data , messaging , and other fees resulting from your usage of our Services ; and ( 3 ) the collection , use , disclosure , transfer , and storage of your Personal and Non-Personal Information ( including location information related to your wireless device ) as described in this Privacy Policy .
ELECTRONIC ARTS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY Effective Date : June 28 , 2013
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
By registering for an Origin Account ( formerly known as an EA Account ) ( " Account " ) , using this site and/or any of EA 's online or mobile products and services , you agree to EA 's Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the USA .
By registering , you agree that EA may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EA 's Terms of Service .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EA SITE , ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE .
If we change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child 's information , we will notify you or the parent/guardian here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect .
Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy .
TABLE OF CONTENTS I. EA Online
And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction II .
EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified III .
What Is Personal Information
And When Does EA Collect It ?
IV .
What Is Non-Personal Information
And When Does EA Collect It ?
V .
Information Provided to EA
By Third Parties .
VI .
What Happens To The Information EA Collects ? VII .
Where Is The Information Held ?
VIII .
How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information ?
IX .
Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And
Deactivating Your Account X. A Special Note About Children XI .
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles XII .
Third Party Sites XIII .
Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s ) XIV .
Contact Information XV .
California Residents :
Your California Privacy Rights XVI .
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration EA and its subsidiary companies know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you .
We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites , during your use of our online products and/or services ( including online game play ) and on mobile platforms .
This policy does not cover information provided online in response to job postings .
Please review the EA Jobs Data Privacy Statement on EA 's jobs site at www.jobs.ea.com for further information .
If you reside in the United States , Canada or Japan , these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc .
If you reside in any other country , then these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Swiss Srl .
This policy also applies to TRUSTe certified EA Websites .
To view a list of these Validated EA Websites , please visit www.
TRUSTe.com .
In addition , EA owns several other domain names that point to the websites referenced above .
We may also add new sites that are subject to this privacy policy and that list will be updated to include those .
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by EA , and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link .
EA complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
EA has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view EA 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor .
EA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Privacy Program Requirements available at truste.com including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
EA collects both personal and non-personal consumer information .
Personal information collected by EA is discussed below in this section .
Non-personal information is discussed below in Section IV .
Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone , to contact you on-line or off-line .
EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during :  - Contest registration and prize acceptance ; - Warranty registration and requests ; - Customer support and/or technical service requests ; - Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions ; - Registration for games and/or special game-specific events ; - Newsletter subscriptions , referral services , and other marketing surveys and email campaigns ; - Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts ; - Creation of a personal profile ; - Product , service and/or subscription orders ; - Service requests from third party service providers on our site ; - Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services ; and - Otherwise through use of our software , mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation .
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name , email address , phone number , home address , birth date , mobile phone number and credit card information .
Visitors to EA Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier , model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone .
In that context , your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose .
Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes , and will be used only for prize fulfillment .
Non-personal information , alone , can not be used to identify or contact you .
EA collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage ( on PC , mobile and game system platforms ) .
We will retain your information for as long as your Origin Account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your Origin Account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information .
A .
What Types of Non-Personal Information Does EA Collect ?
When you use EA online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information for purposes including improving our products and services , troubleshooting bugs , providing services to you , facilitating the provision of software updates , dynamically served content and product support as well as communicating with you .
The non-personal information collected may include demographic information including gender , age , zip code , information about your computer , hardware , software , platform , game system , media , mobile device , including unique device IDs or other device identifiers , incident data , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , network Media Access Control ( MAC ) address and connection .
We also collect other non-personal information such as username , user ID or persona , feature usage , game play statistics , scores and achievements , user rankings , time spent playing our games , and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys , via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases , for instance .
We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
B .
How Does EA Collect Non-Personal Information ?
EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases , game registration and marketing surveys , for instance .
In addition , we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information , personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below .
We may also derive from the information collected other facts , such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address .
1 .
Cookies Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites .
We may link cookie information to personal information .
Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store , pages you have viewed , or games you have played .
This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly , for example .
Also , we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage .
We and third parties collect information on what games are played , how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked .
Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads .
These ads contain cookies .
Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies , and EA does not have access to this information .
Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent .
However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so .
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer , or limit the type of cookies you allow .
For more information concerning how to disable your cookies , please visit help.ea.com .
We and other third parties may also use flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer .
One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com .
If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games , as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities .
Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies .
Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
2 .
Clear GIFs And Tracking Pixels Clear GIFs ( a.k.a. web bugs , beacons or tags ) are small graphic images placed on a web page , web-based document , or in an email message .
Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the web page , document or email message .
We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you .
However , we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages , features or other elements on a web page .
We correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages .
We and third parties may also use tracking pixels , which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation .
3 .
Internet Log Files EA and other third parties also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses .
An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider .
In general , we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites , to troubleshoot technical problems and authenticate users ' entitlements to our products .
In the event of user abuse of our websites , however , we may block certain IP addresses or game system IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers .
If available , IP addresses and game system IDs may be used in order to enforce our Terms of Service .
4 .
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC , game system and/or mobile device .
These tools and technologies use server log files , web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information , including cookies , IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , mobile or other hardware device ID or other device identifiers , browser types , browser language , information passed from your browser ( if any ) , referring and exit pages , and URLs , platform type , click information , information about your media , peripheral hardware , software and/or applications installed on your machine and/or device , domain names and types , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , advertising conversion rates , the date and amount of time spent on particular pages , other Internet and website usage information , game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games , information about how your game is used , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage and purchase history , as well as unique hardware identifiers such as MAC Address , mobile unique device ID ( if applicable ) and other similar information .
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our sites and in the context of our online and mobile products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
Some EA websites and services use Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc .
( " Google " ) .
Google Analytics uses " Cookies " , text files that are stored on your PC and that enables the analysis of your usage of this website .
The information about your usage of websites , collected through these cookies , will be transmitted to and stored on Google server based in the US .
On behalf of EA , Google will use this information in order to evaluate your usage of this websites , to make reports on website activities and/or to provide the website operator with other services related to this websites .
Your IP-address collected by Google Analytics will not be matched up with other data of Google .
You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings .
Please note that if you disable cookies , it is possible that you may not use all functionalities of EA 's websites .
You may also prevent the cookies from collecting and storing your information by downloading and installing the following browser-plugin under the following link http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ?
hl=en .
A non-exclusive list of the other analytics companies that operate their own technologies on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
5 .
Ad Serving Technology EA 's websites , online or mobile products or services may employ proprietary or third party ad serving technologies that use cookies , clear GIFs , web beacons , tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our products or services as well as to help track results .
Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your game , web browser or mobile device and replaced while you are online .
We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the site , online or mobile product or service and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad , and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including IP address ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , device ID 's , information about your software , applications and hardware , browser information ( and/or information passed via your browser ) , hardware , machine or device make and model , advertisement ( s ) served , in game location , length of time an advertisement was visible , other Internet and website usage information , web pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you ( as well as date and time ) , domain type , size of the advertisement , advertisement response ( if any ) , and angle of view .
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology .
The advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected or obtained from EA with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your web browser 's activities across their network of websites .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
A non-exclusive list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
For more information about the practices of other large ad serving companies that may collect information based on your interaction with ads on this site , in our mobile products , and other sites or products not owned/managed by EA , or to " opt out " of targeted advertising delivered by National Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) member ad networks , you should visit www.networkadvertising.org .
For more information about targeted advertising within our mobile products or to opt out , see the appendix to this policy at privacyappendix.ea.com .
These ad serving technologies are integrated into our sites , online or mobile products and services ; if you do not want to use this technology , do not play .
6 .
Anti-
Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games .
To prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player , EA is authorized to use " anti-cheating " software , or applications for the prevention of fraud for our internet presence , during the use of our online products and/or services ( including online games ) , and mobile platforms .
At login to EA online products and/or services , during the setup of an Origin account , and/or at the point of sale , EA may collect data about your device in order to create a hash of machine components .
Information collected for this purpose shall not be stored in retrievable form .
EA uses the collected information for the prevention of fraud , and for authentication purposes .
EA may consolidate the machine hash created for this purpose with your Origin account ; data consolidated this way will not be shared with any other third party , and will be used exclusively for security , fraud prevention and authentication purposes by EA .
EA also obtains personal and non-personal information from third parties as discussed below .
EA only uses this data for purposes consistent with this policy .
1 .
PlayStation3 computer entertainment system If you sign up to play EA games through a PlayStation3 computer entertainment system , your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your name , email address , online ID , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
2 .
Xbox Live If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft 's Xbox Live Service , Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's Xbox Live titles .
By signing up to play EA 's Xbox Live titles , you agree that Microsoft can transfer your user account information to EA .
Information transferred from Microsoft to EA includes your Gamertag , email address , state or province , country , language and age but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
3 .
Wii U
If you sign up to play EA games through a Nintendo Wii U console , your Nintendo account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your Mii information , email address , Nintendo Network ID , friend list , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
4 .
Other Information Collected From Third Parties
EA may also receive other information from third parties , including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you .
Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission .
By playing an EA game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network , platform or service via one of our products and/or services , you are authorizing EA to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to EA through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface ( API ) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform .
Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network , platform or service via our products and/or services , and/or when you connect with , " accept " or " allow " ( or similar terms ) one of our applications through a social network , or other third party platform or service .
EA may also collect or receive information about you from other EA users who choose to upload their email and other contacts .
This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect .
EA may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
A .
How EA Uses
Your Information EA uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information .
In addition , the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest .
You may also later opt out of such communications sent via email .
Otherwise , EA uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better enhance your user experience , improve our products and services , understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve advertising , for authentication purposes , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them .
In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , for purposes including providing excellent customer service , administering loyalty programs and tailoring our communications , offerings , web pages or game play experience to you .
By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook , Game Center or other third party services in our online and mobile products and services , you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Origin Account ( and related gaming entitlements , including games played on PC , mobile and console platforms ) with your social networking profile and/or email address .
Your resulting friends ' list , which may be accessible across EA social platforms as available , will be subject to this privacy policy .
Note that the friends that you choose to include on any EA or Origin friends ' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different EA products and services , and see the profiles you have established .
Those friends may also be able to see the gamertags that you use across EA 's suite of products and services .
Choose your friends carefully .
If you choose to use our referral service to " Tell a Friend " about an EA product or site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product .
EA stores your friend 's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking , to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message .
We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose .
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings and achievements ) generated through your participation .
B.
Will EA Share My Information With Third Parties ?
EA will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent .
We may , however , share non-personally identifiable , aggregated and/or public information with third parties .
There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own .
Please see section XI for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on EA including user generated content , forums , blogs , and profiles .
You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared , please contact that partner or sponsor directly .
EA does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy , provided however , that in the event of a merger , acquisition , or the unlikely event of bankruptcy , management of EA customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age .
From time to time , EA employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery , product , prize or promotional fulfillment , contest administration , credit card processing , shipping or other services on our sites .
When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , mailing address , telephone number and email address to our contractors .
We ask some third party contractors , such as credit agencies , data analytics or market research firms , to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies , so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors ' needs and preferences .
To enrich our understanding of individual customers , we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us .
When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal , anonymous and/or aggregated data , EA requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent .
You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party .
We may also access and disclose personal information , including personal communications , in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services , to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on EA .
Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy .
See Section XI for more details .
EA is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which EA collects , stores , and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the United States and The Netherlands .
We may also utilize data storage facilities located in Asia , Canada and/or the European Union .
Your personal information may be transferred to , used , processed or held by EA in the United States and in other countries , including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union and Asia , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy .
EA understands the importance of keeping your information safe and secure .
EA will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems .
When you enter sensitive financial information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using commercially reasonable methods .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
We can not guarantee that your information will not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems .
You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to " My Account , " and viewing your " Basic Information " or other account settings .
Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account ( s ) deactivated , contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country as listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate .
We may still retain your information in our files however , to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security , integrity and operation of our websites .
Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site .
However , in such cases , you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at privacyadmin.ea.com and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request .
If you 've granted EA access to your Facebook account information through an EA or Playfish application , you may request that EA delete your Facebook information by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator listed at privacyadmin.ea.com and specifying the Facebook application used .
Note that as a result of deleting your data associated with an application on Facebook , you will no longer have access to that application .
Many EA online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children .
When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information , or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information .
At that time , we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available , how we will use the information and other practices .
We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services .
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA 's online or mobile products and services , this may include such general audience communication services as email , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages .
Parents can review , edit , request the deletion , or prevent further collection or use of their children 's personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to privacy_policy @ ea.com ; writing to Privacy Policy Administrator , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City , CA 94065 ; or calling ( 650 ) 628-1393 .
Alternatively , you may also contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent .
We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online .
You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely .
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy ( see Section VIII above ) .
If we change how we handle your child 's information , we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy .
Under no circumstances do we condition a child 's participation in an activitylike contestson the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
On certain sites , we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent .
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to EA sites or games or in our online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user " profiles " for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted , public information , may be accessed or recorded by EA employees , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there .
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums .
Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity , certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies .
EA has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share .
If you post a video , image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied and/or used by other users without your consent .
We are not responsible for the videos , images or photos that you choose to submit to EA 's site .
Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites .
Our website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party .
If you click on a link to a third party site , including on an advertisement , you will leave the EA site you are visiting and go to the site you selected .
Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as EA .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services .
If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
Members may register for other services from our site ( s ) .
Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services .
Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration .
If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the EA Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address or postal address specified at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If your country is not listed , please contact the United States ' Privacy Policy Administrator or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed , you should contact TRUSTe here or at https :
//feedback.truste.com as instructed above .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .
Please note that the TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website , and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website .
For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy , visit privacy.ea.com .
Under California law , California Residents who have an established business relationship with Electronic Arts Inc .
( EA ) or one of its subsidiaries may choose to opt out of EA disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval .
If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval , email privacy_policy @ ea.com or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
The purpose of this Section is to provide a streamlined method for resolution of disputes between us if they arise .
As discussed below , if we can not resolve our disputes informally and you are awarded a sum at arbitration greater than EA 's last settlement offer to you ( if any ) , EA will pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5000 over and above your arbitration award .
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY .
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS .
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by logging into our customer support interface with your Origin Account at help.ea.com .
In the unlikely event that EA can not resolve a concern to your satisfaction ( or if EA can not resolve a concern it has with you after attempting to do so informally ) , then you and EA agree to be bound by the following procedure to resolve any and all disputes between us .
This provision applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law , but expressly excludes residents of Quebec , Russia , Switzerland , the Member States of the European Union , and the Republic of Korea .
By accepting these terms , you and EA expressly waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action .
This agreement is intended to be interpreted broadly .
This Section covers any and all disputes between us ( " Disputes " ) , including without limitation :  - claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us , whether based in contract , tort , statute , fraud , misrepresentation or any other legal theory ; - claims that arose before this Agreement or any prior agreement ( including , but not limited to , claims relating to advertising ) ; - claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class ; and - claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement .
The only disputes that are not covered by this Section are the following :  - a claim to enforce or protect , or concerning the validity of , any of your or EA 's ( or any of EA 's licensors ' ) intellectual property rights ; - a claim related to , or arising from , allegations of theft , piracy , or unauthorized use ; - In addition , nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from initiating a small claims court action .
References to " EA , " " you , " and " us " include our respective subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , employees , predecessors in interest , successors , and assigns , as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Software under this or prior Agreements between us .
This arbitration provision evidences a transaction in interstate commerce , and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision .
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Service .
A. Informal Negotiations/Notice of Dispute .
You and EA agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration .
Such informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ( " Notice of Dispute " ) .
Notices of Dispute must : ( a ) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party ; ( b ) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute ; and ( c ) set forth the specific relief sought ( " Demand " ) .
EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing address ( if you provided it to us ) or to the email address you provided to us .
You will send your Notice of Dispute to : Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City
CA 94065 , ATTENTION :
Legal Department .
B. Binding Arbitration .
If you and EA are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations within 30 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute , either you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration .
Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other .
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT
BY THIS PROVISION , YOU AND EA
ARE FOREGOING THE RIGHT
TO SUE IN COURT
AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL .
The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) and , where appropriate , the AAA 's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ( AAA Consumer Rules ) , both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org .
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and , where appropriate , limited by the AAA Consumer Rules .
If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive , or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration , then EA will promptly pay all arbitration fees and expenses .
The arbitration may be conducted in person , through the submission of documents , by phone or online .
The arbitrator will make a decision in writing , and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party .
The arbitrator must follow applicable law , and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so .
You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration , to stay proceeding pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
C. Restrictions .
You and EA agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between EA and you individually .
To the full extent permitted by law , ( 1 ) no arbitration shall be joined with any other ; ( 2 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures ; and ( 3 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons .
YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY , AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING .
Further , unless both you and EA agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding .
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable , then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void .
D. Location .
If you are a resident of the United States , arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you .
For residents outside the United States , arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo , State of California , United States of America , and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court , in order to compel arbitration , to stay proceedings pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
E. Recovery and Attorneys ' Fees .
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA 's last written settlement offer made before written submissions are made to the arbitrator , then EA will :  - Pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5,000 over and above your arbitration award ; and - Pay your attorney , if any , the amount of attorneys ' fees , and reimburse any expenses ( including expert witness fees and costs )
that you or your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating , preparing , and pursuing your claim in arbitration ( " the attorney premium " ) .
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees , expenses , and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator 's ruling on the merits .
The right to attorneys ' fees and expenses discussed above supplements any right to attorneys ' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law , although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys ' fees or costs .
EA waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration between us .
F. Limitation on Arbitrator 's Authority .
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party 's individual claim .
G. Changes to This Provision .
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary , we agree that if EA makes any future change to this arbitration provision ( other than a change to the Notice Address ) , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above .
By rejecting any future change , you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision .
ROBLOX Privacy Policy TRUSTe Children privacy certification ROBLOX Corporation ( ROBLOX ) is an online virtual world and building game .
Your privacy is important to us ; this is why we created this Privacy Policy so that you are aware of what information is collected , how we use it and who we share it with .
Our offices are located at 60 East Third Avenue , suite 201 San Mateo , California , 94401 .
This privacy policy covers the site www.roblox.com and our Mobile App .
ROBLOX works like this :  a user creates a username and a virtual character that is his or her identity in the ROBLOX world users interact with other users through in-game chat , personal messaging ( site contained ) , and user forums ; privacy settings allow users or parents to restrict communications with other users each user is given one or more pieces of virtual real estate on which they can build houses , cars , machines , or anything else you can build with building blocks ; these places are called games users search for , find , and play games made by other users ; they play these games with other users from around the world , and are identified only by their virtual character name users earn tickets and/or ROBUX , our virtual currency ; users earn these in a variety of ways , and use them to buy items for their characters , including virtual hats , shirts , and pants ; users can also sell these items , earning tickets and/or ROBUX users can purchase premium services , including : Builder 's Club , a monthly subscription that grants the user more virtual places and a daily allowance , among other things ; user may also purchase ROBUX with which they may buy virtual goods on the site users may sign up to receive our monthly newsletter ; they may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication .
ROBLOX users may play as guests ; in this mode , users remain anonymous and interact with the website and game in Menu Chat Mode no free chat , no personal messaging to or from users , no posting to the forums , and other restrictions designed to prevent users from sharing personal information , intentional or otherwise .
As guests , users are unable to save play statistics , accumulate points , share models , or participate in our virtual economy .
Users wishing to save statistics , share models , and participate in the economy are required to enter a username and password .
We advise users to create a username that does not reflect their own name nor reveal personally identifiable information .
We also advise users to pick a password that is not easy to guess , and to not share that password .
For security reasons , we store passwords in encrypted form .
User Names are used for participating in site features and are not used to identify individual users outside of their activities on our site .
Usernames are not passed along to 3rd parties except in the case where a purchase is made to be credited to the account .
In this case our purchasing vendor is given the account name in order to credit the account when the transaction is completed .
All users are asked for , but are not required to give , an email address on signup .
Under 13 users are required to give us a parent email , which is then verified , in order to receive the ROBLOX newsletter .
Under 13 users who wish to change or add an email address to their account must contact ROBLOX via email at info @ roblox.com .
If there is no verified parent email address they are required to provide us with one which is then verified in order to proceed .
Registered users who are under 13 after first signing up are put into Privacy Mode .
