Clear GIFs :
Clear GIFs , sometimes called " web bugs " or " web beacons , " are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an e-mail message .
We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior , deliver cookies , collect information , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email .
Log Files : Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users ' browsing habits .
These entries help Hasbro determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have accessed or used our Services , which pages of our Services
they 've visited , and other similar data .
We may associate the information we collect from these technologies with other personal information that you provide for the purposes described in this Policy .
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services .
For example , if you create or log into your account through a third-party social networking site , we will have access to certain information from that site , such as your name , account info and friends , in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site .
For a list of third party partners we have integrated on our site please click HERE .
If you have any inquiries regarding our partner 's privacy practices or how they use your child 's personal information , please contact us directly at hasbroregistration @
hasbro.com .
We use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the Services .
These tools and services place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies on our Services to enable them to track traffic data .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your Internet Service Provider , your web browser , the time spent on webpages , the links clicked and the advertisements viewed on those pages .
We use this information to improve our Services and your experience , to see which areas and features of our Services are popular and to count visits .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app .
We allow third parties to serve ads on our Services and we engage third parties to place ads for our products and services on other websites .
These third parties place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies within the ads .
When you click or scroll over any of these ads , these third parties collect information about your use of the Services and other third party websites .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your web browser , web pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked and whether you purchased an advertised product .
These third parties use this information to deliver advertising and/or content targeted to your interests .
For more information about targeted advertising in connection with these third parties , and how to opt out of having your information used in this way , please visit : www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
Use of Information
We use personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services .
For example , we may use your information to :  Send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest from Hasbro and our select partners ;  Operate and improve our Services ;  Provide and deliver the products and services you request , process transactions , and to send you related information , including confirmations and invoices ;  Send you technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;  Respond to your comments , questions and requests and provide customer service ;  Monitor and evaluate trends , usage and activities in connection with our Services ;  Personalize and improve the Services and provide ads , content , communications or features that match user profiles or interests ;  Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ;  Monitor performance of the app , track how users are engaging in the game , identify which app features are least and most utilized , to identify problem areas within the app , and to inform design development for future app updates ; and Obtain consent from parents in order to allow children to upload videos and voice recordings to YouTube or share through SMS messaging .
Hasbro may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
Sharing of Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described in this Policy or in connection with the Services , including : With your consent , including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ; With third party vendors , consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us .
These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us , and , unless we notify you otherwise and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out , will not use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this Policy .
When we believe it is necessary or appropriate to ( i ) comply with applicable law or legal process or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities ; ( ii ) protect the rights and property of Hasbro and our employees , agents , users and other third parties , including to enforce our agreements , policies and Terms and Conditions of Use and protect against fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate , or unlawful use of our Services ; and ( iii ) protect the safety of Hasbro our users or any third party ; and
In connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , bankruptcy or reorganization , financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company .
We may also share aggregated information or information that we have collected from you while on our website including on co-branded pages and where we have taken reasonable measures to de-identify .
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools ( such as the Facebook " Like " button or widgets ) , which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media , and vice versa .
The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features .
These features may also collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our Services and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features .
Linking to Third Party Sites To provide relevant information not found on our Services , to facilitate online shopping , and to allow you to interact with other websites and/or applications in which you may have accounts ( such as Facebook and other social media sites ) , Hasbro may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Services to third party websites .
Hasbro will notify users when they are leaving the Services or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third-party 's site .
Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties ' privacy policies , and we encourage you to read the third parties ' privacy policies before submitting personal or other information or using the websites and/or applications .
Regarding Personal Information
If you have registered with our Services , you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by either visiting the online profile section of one of our Services or contacting us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com .
If you choose to send us an e-mail , please be sure to include in your message , the name of the website or mobile application at which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
Regarding Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies .
Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services .
For more information about how to delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security .
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services .
Regarding Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails , text messages or mail from Hasbro by declining to receive such communications at the time of registration or at the time you otherwise provide the information to us .
You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails or text messages by following the instructions in those emails or text messages or by sending an e-mail to hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com .
If you opt out , we may still send you transactional or relationship messages , such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations .
Safeguarding your personal information Hasbro has established policies to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
For example , Hasbro has established policies to provide you with a reasonably secureconnection when you create an account or enter payment information ( encrypted ) for the purchase of a product .
Hasbro retains your information for business purposes , for as long as your account is active and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services .
We will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact Hasbro , using the following contact information : Hasbro , Inc .
Attention :
Website Administrator 1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906 Pawtucket , RI 02861 ( 800 ) 255-5516 hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com
For additional information about our Services , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use .
Hasbro has developed its Services to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages .
The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand some of the information contained on the Services and how the Services operate .
Please discuss this Policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use the Services and the information they may be asked to provide .
Hasbro believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the Services will inform choices and decisions about how to use the Services , and will better protect its users ' privacy .
If you have any questions or comments about our Policy , please contact us using the contact information provided below .
For any other issue , please contact Customer Service .
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Hasbro may collect and store personal information about children under 13 years of age ( " children " or " child " ) if this information is submitted by the parent or guardian in connection with any of our website registrations .
To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all prospective registrants to submit their date of birth .
Those users that indicate they are less than 13 years of age are taken through a parental consent process .
When provided by the parent or guardian , Hasbro may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , email address , parent 's or guardian 's name , and parent 's or guardian 's email address .
Hasbro may also collect the child 's mailing address when necessary to fulfill a transaction , such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize .
Hasbro may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information .
Hasbro will only collect this information if it believes that it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child 's parent or guardian .
For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on ( above ) .
Once collected , a child 's registration information may be used to :
( a ) fulfill a transaction , such as ship products that have been purchased or send the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize , or ( b ) send the child requested promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest ( e.g. , Birthday Club e-mails ) .
We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs .
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
This means that if we do n't need a specific piece of information ( like the child 's phone number ) to allow the child to participate in a contest , we simply wo n't ask for it .
To read about the steps Hasbro takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on " Safeguarding your personal information " ( above ) .
Any registration information that a child provides to our Services is collected by Hasbro .
Hasbro 's contact information is as follows :  Hasbro , Inc .
Attention :
Website Administrator 1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906 Pawtucket , RI 02861 ( 800 ) 255-5516 hasbroregistration @
hasbro.com We follow our standard policy ( " With whom does Hasbro share my personal information " ( above ) ) for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under 13 .
Parental Access A parent who has already given Hasbro permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time , do the following : ( 1 ) review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information ; and/or , ( 2 ) discontinue further collection or use of the child 's personal information .
To do so , please refer to the confirmation email provided to you when you gave consent or contact us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com and be sure to include your child 's name and email address , your name and email address , and the name of the site at which your child is registered .
To make changes to your child 's demographic information , you may also visit the online profile section of one of our Services .
We will be happy to honor your request .
Back to start of Hasbro Privacy Policy .
If you no longer with to allow your child to upload videos to Youtube or share the videos or voice recordings they are able to make within the application , please delete the application from the device and do not allow your child to use it any longer .
Privacy Policy Ladbrokes Privacy Policy Last Updated 03 October 2011 This privacy policy applies to the entire contents of this website and other websites operated by the Ladbrokes group of entities ( together , " Ladbrokes " referred to hereon in as " we " or " us " or " our " ( as applicable ) ) including , without limitation , www.ladbrokes.com , www.ladbrokescasino.com and www.ladbrokespoker.com ( each a " Website " , together the " Websites " ) .
Please read the policy below carefully before using the Websites .
By using or registering on the Websites you accept and agree to the terms of this privacy policy .
If you do not accept these terms , do not use the Websites .
This privacy policy , together with our general terms of use available here , sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you ( including your name , email address or other details ) ( the " Information " ) or that you provide to us , will be processed by us .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Information .
Ladbrokes is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to its Websites .
We are committed to ensuring that all services and activities made available via our Websites are provided in a safe and secure online environment .
Information we may collect from you Use of your information Monitoring of transactions Telephone calls Cookies and tracking Security and privacy Retention and disposal Changes to our policy Accuracy and access to Information We may collect and process the following Information about you : Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites .
This includes Information provided at the time of registering to use our Websites , subscribing to any of our services , posting material or requesting further services .
We may also ask you for Information when you enter a competition or promotion , make a Customer Support enquiry or complaint or when you report a problem with our Websites ; records of correspondence , if you contact us ; your responses to any surveys we conduct for research purposes , although you do not have to respond to such surveys ; details of bets , gaming , payments and other transactions that you conduct on our Websites and details of the fulfilment of your orders ; details of your visits to our Websites including , but not limited to , traffic data , location data , weblogs and other communication data , whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise , and the web pages and resources that you access ; and information and communication on forums on the Websites , for example , chat rooms and message boards ( where applicable ) .
You acknowledge that the information provided by you may amount to personal or sensitive data under the Data Protection Act 1998 and you give your consent to your data being processed as set out in this policy .
2.1 We may collect and process Information , including sharing the Information with our third party data processors who process your Information on our behalf , including for the purposes of : setting up , re-activating , operating and managing your Ladbrokes account , including providing the services that you request from us ; building up personal profiles of our customers ; providing you with information about promotional offers .
If you do not wish to receive information about promotional offers and future events organised by us , please make sure that you click on the appropriate " opt out option " box on the account registration form .
All our marketing and promotional activities will be in compliance with relevant law , including the Communications ( Personal Data & Privacy ) Regulations 2006 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 ; verifying the accuracy of the Information collected from you , including disclosing your Information to third parties ( such as financial institutions , credit reporting agencies and age verification agencies ) in connection with such verification ; preventing fraud , cheating and money laundering , ensuring compliance with our terms of use , reducing credit risk and protecting sports/games integrity , which may require us to disclose your Information and betting and gaming history to third parties such as the relevant regulator , gaming bodies , sporting bodies , financial institutions , agencies responsible for verifying age , the police and credit reporting agencies ; complying with our legal and regulatory duties and responsibilities to the relevant licensing and regulatory authorities as well as all duties and responsibilities owed under any other applicable legislation and to any other applicable regulators in other jurisdictions ; enforcing or applying our terms of use ( Please refer to our Website Terms and Conditions article. )  and other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of Ladbrokes , our customers , or others ; processing card and on-line payments in connection with our services ( including our Affiliate Program ) ; conducting data cleansing , verification and enhancement exercises , ( for example , verifying your Information against third party databases relating to ' movers ' , ' goneaways ' and recent deaths ) ; any other purpose which is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations to you ; and undertaking research , conducting surveys , research analyses and obtaining feedback from customers .
2.2 Using the internet to collect and process
Information necessarily involves the transmission of Information on an international basis .
Some third party processors we engage to process Information on our behalf may be based outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) .
Therefore , by browsing our Websites and communicating electronically with us , you acknowledge and agree to the transmission and processing of your Information outside the EEA in this way .
Countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws .
However , we will always take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Information is used by third party processors securely and in accordance with this policy .
2.3
Except where we engage third parties to process your Information on our behalf for the purposes listed in paragraph 2.1 above , we will not disclose or sell your Information outside Ladbrokes ' corporate group , except in connection with a joint venture or the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Ladbrokes ' business .
Unless required to do so by law , we will not otherwise share , sell or distribute any of the Information you provide to us without your consent .
All bets , gaming and account transactions are recorded on our computer system .
We also carry out routine monitoring of all transactions as they take place to assist us in improving the service that we provide to you .
Your telephone conversations either to place a bet or a Customer Support call - may be recorded both to assist us in training and in quality management , and to allow for the speedy resolution of queries .
5.1
A ' cookie ' is a small text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you visit a website or use applications .
The cookie enables the server to collect information from the browser .
5.2
We use the cookies on our Websites for a number of purposes , including :  to authenticate and identify you on our Websites and applications so we can provide you with the services you request ; to allow you to login to the Websites and to check that your computer is still logged in to the same session while you browse from page to page .
While placing bets , Information will be temporarily stored in a cookie until the transaction has been completed .
This enables you to get the most out of our products and services .
Further , various other settings , such as the language and odds display that you have selected , are stored in cookies for a longer duration so that when you return to the Websites as many of these settings as possible remain the same ; to automatically collect Information about bets and account transactions carried out on our Websites ; for analytical ' purposes such as to keep track of user/customer browsing patterns on the Websites and to build up a profile for a customised browser experience for you .
We currently use Google Analytics , a popular web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use our Websites .
We also use analytical cookies from additional third party providers ; to deliver adverts and information more relevant to you and your interests and also to help measure the effectiveness of Ladbrokes ' advertising campaigns ; and to compile reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage .
We may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Ladbrokes ' behalf .
5.3
We use flash , session and persistent cookies on our Websites and applications .
Flash cookies are small pieces of information stored and accessed by Adobe Flash , the browser plug-in used by sites .
Session cookies are used by the server to store information about user page activities so users can easily pick up where they left off on the server 's pages .
Persistent cookies enable a website to remember you on subsequent visits , speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions required .
5.4 You can stop the ' tracking ' cookies by altering your browser 's privacy setting to block third party cookies ( the process you follow will differ from browser to browser ) .
To find out how to manage and/or delete cookies , please visit : www.aboutcookies.org .
However , please note that if you do refuse the use of cookies , you may not be able to use the full functionality of Ladbrokes ' Websites for example , a cookie is needed to remember ' your bet selection when it is transferred to the bet slip .
Further , if you set the privacy settings on too high a status , this may cause problems when you next log in to use the Websites .
6.1 We employ security measures to protect your Information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent unlawful processing , accidental loss , destruction and damage .
Protection of your Information , including your registration details and any debit or credit card information you provide to us , is a priority for us .
Data on our secure pages is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) technology .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Websites , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
6.2
Any personal information which identifies you will be encrypted at all times whilst in transit over the internet .
SSL is special protocol that automatically encrypts any information sent by you on our secure pages .
Our server then reads the information using a private key .
This means that your Information , be it debit or credit card information or any other personal details , is turned into a code that can only be decoded with the private key or password .
If your browser is suitably configured , you will receive a warning message when you first access any secure page on the Website .
This is simply information to advise you that the Website is protecting your Information .
6.3
Unfortunately , the transmission of Information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although Ladbrokes will do its best to protect your Information as described in paragraph 6.2 above , it can not guarantee the security of any Information that you disclose online .
You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent .
For your own privacy protection , we encourage you not to include sensitive Information ( such as credit/debit card numbers ) in any emails you may send to us .
6.4 Our Websites may , from time to time , contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks , advertisers and affiliates .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies/website terms of use and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check such policies before you submit any Information to them .
It is our policy to retain and make available financial information for a period of 7 years .
Other Information will be retained for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in paragraph 2.1 unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law .
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the privacy of Information is maintained on disposal .
We may modify this policy from time to time .
Any changes to our policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on the Websites .
9.1 We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any Information that we collect from you is accurate and has been verified .
9.2
You are entitled to see the Information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
We are entitled by law to make a small administrative charge for providing such Information .
9.3
All comments , queries and requests relating to our use of your Information are welcome and should be made in writing or by telephone via the Contact Us section on the Websites Issue Date : 30 October 2009
Related Articles Website Terms and Conditions Site Usage - Poker Responsible Gambling
Did we get it right ?
Feedback Feedback Online-Sweepstakes.com understands that privacy online is important to Visitors of our website .
Online-Sweepstakes.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
This privacy statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices .
Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains , including , but not limited to , name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , financial profiles , social security number , and credit card information .
Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously ( without identification of the individual user ) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual .
We may collect basic user profile information from our Visitors .
Online-Sweepstakes.com may collect Personally Identifiable Information when a Visitor ( 1 ) registers as a Member of the website , ( 2 ) enters a Sweepstakes and/or Contest administered and/or sponsored by Online-Sweepstakes.com , or ( 3 ) subscribes to our newsletter ( s ) .
Some of the Personally Identifiable Information we may collect includes names , addresses , phone numbers and email addresses .
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site , contact winners of our Sweepstakes and Contests , or send out our newsletter ( s ) .
We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact our Visitors in response to specific inquiries , to provide requested information , or to provide our Visitors with information regarding our Site which we feel is important enough to warrant such contact .
Online-Sweepstakes.com does not and will not sell or share Personally Identifiable Information about our Visitors with third parties unless explicitly authorized by the Visitor to do so .
For example , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with sponsors of our Sweepstakes
and/or Contests in order to contact the winner and arrange prize fulfillment .
Or , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with a third party when a Visitor
" Opts-In " to receive an offer from said third party .
Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information .
We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information , to investigate , prevent or otherwise take action regarding suspected illegal activity or fraud , or to protect the rights , property or safety of Online-Sweepstakes.com , its users and the public .
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Online-Sweepstakes.com is securely stored and is not accessible to any third parties except for use as indicated above .
Visitors may " Opt-Out " of receiving information from or being contacted by us by responding to emails as instructed , or by contacting us at webmaster @
online-sweepstakes.com .
Visitors may update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by going to the following webpage : <a href= " /forums/usercp.php ? "
>
/forums/usercp.php ?
</a> or by emailing us at webmaster @
online-sweepstakes.com .
We provide Visitors with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site 's database by contacting webmaster @
online-sweepstakes.com .
However , because of backups and records of deletions , it may be impossible to delete a Visitor 's entry without retaining some residual information .
An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted , and we will not sell , transfer , or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward .
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , and/or message boards available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
Cookies are used by Online-Sweepstakes.com for a variety of reasons .
We use Cookies to store information about the preferences of our Visitors and use that data to tailor the Visitor 's experience at our site , and to display the Site 's content according to their preferences .
We also use Cookies to store the usernames and passwords of our Members .
Passwords are encrypted to prevent unautorized access of our Members ' accounts and information .
This website contains links to other websites .
Please note that when you click on one of these links , you are moving to another website .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours .
We will let our Visitors know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site .
However , if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor has previously requested not be disclosed , we will contact such Visitor to the Visitor to prevent such disclosure .
Online-Sweepstakes.com P.O .
Box 157 Springfield , OH 45501 Email Address : webmaster @
online-sweepstakes.com Planet Minecraft :
Privacy Policy We here at Planet Minecraft greatly respect your privacy and we hope that our users feel that the information they share with us is 100 % secure and private .
Here are the guidelines we follow at Planet Minecraft to ensure your privacy and our integrity :  We will never share your email with third parties .
It will only be used for account activation & occasional Planet Minecraft important news & announcements which you can opt out of .
The Planet Minecraft staff will NEVER ask for your password .
If someone does ask for your password or other info , please immediately notify us .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
This web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that Planet Minecraft is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on the news so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users by way of an e-mail .
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
Planet Minecraft will never , under any circumstances give away or display your IP address to third parties .
Additionally , Planet Minecraft will never sell or transmit e-mail addresses or any other personal identifiers to 3rd parties .
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy , please do not hesitate to Contact Us !
Thank you for your cooperation .
2013 Planetminecraft.com .
All rights reserved .
All creations copyright of the creators .
Minecraft is copyright Mojang AB and is not affiliated with this site .
Get the game !
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We respect each site visitor 's right to personal privacy .
To that end , we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
This statement applies solely to information collected on this website .
For each visitor to our website , our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address .
used to improve the content of our Web page .
used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site .
never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes .
Registration is not required to enter our site .
However , subscription to certain services may require a user to complete a registration form .
During registration a user must give certain contact information , but we never sell or give away this information .
It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest .
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information ( income level , gender , etc. ) , and unique identifiers ( username , password , etc. ) .
Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site , but is not required .
We publish a newsletter , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email or mailing addresses .
We operate online surveys , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email addresses .
We do show advertisement to our users , which is handled by Google Adsense , FastClick , CasaleMedia.com & ValueClick.com .
So any such concerns with our advertising , should be directed to them respectedly .
Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement .
We are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours .
If problems arise , users may contact via our contact form .
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us via our contact page .
For the amusement and greater good of all the gamers of FreeOnlineGames.com : We reserve the right to alter , delete , jump on , kick , smackdown , nuke or do with the reviews whatever we please .
If you have any objections with that , please refrain from posting - thank you .
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us .
We provide this policy to better protect you , and to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
During user registration , we collect the following information : Username Email address IP address Birthday Country ( optional )
The username you supply will be used as an identifier when posting content to our website .
An email address is required to register for the forums as your login details will be sent to it .
Your email address will not be publicly displayed on any part of the website , but it will be visible to Team Liquid staff .
Your birthday is required to ensure our compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and will be displayed in your Team Liquid profile .
Your IP address is recorded to monitor abuse resulting from multiple registrations under the same IP address .
As part of our site features , we offer a forum and other features on which you can freely post any text .
If you choose to disclose personally identifying information , be aware that Team Liquid is a public web site and anyone is able to read your posts , so there is no expectation of privacy for user-generated content .
Where applicable , we will moderate any posts that violate US law in regards to information disclosed about other individuals .
The website features a private messaging system which allows you to send message to other users on the website .
The messages you exchange over the private messaging system can only be read by the recipient user account or Team Liquid administrators .
The Team Liquid administrators will only access private message details if they suspect the message might be spam / advertising or otherwise malicious in nature , or if required to do so by law .
We can not be responsible for any disclosure of private message contents by the recipient .
As an optional feature of the user profile page , you may upload an image such as a photo of yourself .
This image will be visible to other users through your Team Liquid profile page .
At any time , you can modify or delete this image through your user profile settings .
During your usage of the website , your browser will open connections and send requests to our web server .
The server will log each request with your IP address , date and time , status code , browser version ( user agent ) , HTTP referrer and the resource requested .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
We use the information you provide to better identify yourself to other users .
Your username , country and birthday can be viewed by anyone visiting our website .
Your username will identify you in any posts you make to the website forums .
Your email address will not be shared with third parties for marketing , spam , or promotional activities .
We may use your email address to identify you in moderation actions , for instance when a user creates multiple accounts and uses them maliciously .
Your email address will also be used to reset your password , though if you lose access to that particular email , we can change it or reset your password manually .
From time to time , we may use your email address to send low-volume important site announcements .
If you do not wish to receive these announcements , an opt-out link will be provided in each email and you may disable the emails at any time through your profile settings .
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers .
For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of 18 year olds play Protoss and Z number of SK Telecom Fans filled out our registration form , but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals .
The web server logs are used to troubleshoot issues with the website and to generate aggregate site statistics .
Should we determine that a problem with the site is being caused by a particular IP address , we may match the IP address in the log files with registered user accounts in order to initiate contact with the user causing problems .
Except as where required by law , we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
We use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information , such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and automatic login information .
Cookies are also used to track users to help prevent multiple user registrations from the same individual .
You may opt to disable cookies from your web browsers privacy settings , but doing so will negatively impact your ability to use the registered user features which rely on cookies to verify your identity .
Team Liquid runs on dedicated hosting servers which only a few trusted site staff have access to .
These servers are housed in a professionally managed and secure data center in New York , USA .
For compliance with US law , we prohibit children under the age of 13 from supplying any information to us which might contain personally identifying information .
You can access your country and birthday through your TeamLiquid profile page .
Making changes to your information requires inputting your password so that only authorized users may change your information .
Your registered email address can be changed by contacting an administrator .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections on your behalf .
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please talk to us by sending a Personal Message to any of the red named Moderators or contacting us via the " Contact " link at the bottom of the page .
From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Web site periodically .
XBMC :
General disclaimer ( Redirected from XBMC :
Privacy policy ) XBMC Media Center is a free and open source cross-platform media player and home entertainment system software .
The services for the XBMC software ( including developer tools , resources , download areas , files , source code , product information , documentation , communication forums , bug tracker , wiki , etc.
all collectively called " services " ) that the XBMC Project , its members , and websites provide are for the purpose of providing support to the XBMC community .
The structure of the project allows anyone to alter the contents of provided in these services .
These services and all content , products and services on them are provided on an as is , " with all faults " , and " as available " basis , without warranty of any kind , either express or implied .
Your use of these services is at your own risk .
XBMC disclaims all warranties , express or implied , including without limitation , warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
XBMC disclaims liability for any direct , indirect , incidental , special , consequential , exemplary , punitive or other damages , or lost profits , that may result directly or indirectly from the use of these services and any material that is downloaded or obtained through the use of these services .
This includes , without limitation , any damage to computer systems , hardware or software , loss of data , or any other performance failures , any errors , bugs , viruses or other defects that result from , or are associated with the use of this website .
None of the contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with XBMC in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these services .
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided by any of these services is being provided freely , and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of these services , the owners of the servers upon which it is housed , the individual contributors to these services , any project administrators , sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with the XBMC project subject to your claims against them directly .
You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site ; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of XBMC or any of its agents , members , organizers or other users .
There is no agreement or understanding between you and XBMC regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License ( CC-BY-SA ) ; neither is anyone at XBMC responsible should someone change , edit , modify or remove any information that you may post on any service provided for XBMC .
Only text is assumed to be released under the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License .
Images are assumed to be under a different license unless otherwise specifically noted .
Any of the trademarks , service marks , collective marks , design rights or similar rights that are mentioned , used or cited in the services provided for XBMC are the property of their respective owners .
Their use in any XBMC service does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar use as contemplated by the original authors of content provided by these services under the CC-BY-SA licensing scheme .
Unless otherwise stated XBMC are neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such XBMC can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials .
Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk .
Publication of information found in any of the services provided for XBMC may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information .
The servers providing these services are located in different locations of the world and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law in respect to their location .
Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution .
XMBC does not encourage the violation of any laws ; and can not be responsible for any violations of such laws , should you link to the domain of the websites of these services or use , reproduce , or republish the information contained therein .
Yes , it gives most of us a headache to read all of this , but it 's important so thank you for your patience and now , enjoy XBMC !
Category :
XBMC Log in / create accountProject
pageDiscussionReadView sourceView
history Google Search Navigation Wiki help Toolbox
This page was last modified on 13 November 2013 , at 22 : 34 .
PRIVACY POLICY
The Florida Lottery recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of the Florida Lottery website .
Therefore , visitors should be aware of the following information :  Visitors should be aware that , subject to certain statutory exceptions , most documents and records maintained by the state of Florida , including but not limited to electronic data , are public records under Florida law .
Therefore , information submitted through this website may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Records required to be maintained pursuant to the laws of Florida will be retained and disposed of in accordance with applicable record retention schedules .
In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our website , we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the website .
However , this information does not disclose " personal identifiers " ( such as name , address , telephone number , email address , etc. ) .
Each time a request is made to view a page within this website , our website creates a log file capturing generic user information .
Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , the date and time you accessed this site , the Internet protocol address of the individual computer ( or proxy server ) making the request , and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site .
All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only , and may be analyzed for trends and statistics .
This website will not collect personally identifiable information ( such as name , address , telephone number , etc. )  unless you provide such information voluntarily .
We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this website to your specific interests and needs ( including periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests ) .
You are free to provide or to not provide the requested information .
If you choose to not provide this type of information , you can still visit most of the website , but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums .
Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors , including personal information submitted on online forms and email , will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority .
Information submitted through this website also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Visitors who submit information via this website should be aware that data linking your computer to this website ( a " cookie " ) may be created .
Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction , to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction .
Information collected on our websites , including cookies , may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Some hypertext links on the Florida Lottery website link to other sites and other third parties .
By clicking on any of these links , you are leaving our website .
The Florida Lottery has no control over the information collected by any third party after you have left the Florida Lottery website .
The Florida Lottery encourages you to read their privacy policies .
The data collection , usage and disclosure practices of any third party linked to the Florida Lottery website are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
The Florida Lottery assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third party websites , including their privacy practices or content , or disclosure of information by third parties .
Reference to any websites linked to this site does not constitute an endorsement by the Florida Lottery .
The Florida Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any websites linked to this site , and any views expressed on such websites do not necessarily represent the views of the Florida Lottery .
You assume any and all risk associated with the use of any website linked to this site .
The Florida Lottery does not guarantee or warrant any information , services or products advertised or offered on such websites .
Any further questions concerning the privacy policy for the Florida Lottery website should be directed to the Lottery 's Customer Service Department or by phone at ( 850 ) 487-7787 .
4 : 32 PM on 03.25.2006 0 0
Reddit0Share0Tweet00Share1
Destructoid is a trusted community site
so we hold ourselves to the highest privacy standards .
Simply put -- We would never sell your email address , nor share it with with anyone , or ever spam you -- ever , end of story .
We also have everything in place to keep the bad guys out .
We would also never ask you for your passwords , credit card , phone , etc .
We do n't even care if you do n't give us your real name , to be honest .
Did you know ?
You have a privacy account page to help you manage your information .
By becoming a member of the Destructoid video game community , you are only agreeing to become a virtual person in our world and discuss video games .
Seriously , that 's all there is to it .
Easy , eh ?
Yes , as it should be .
( ahem ! )  
We also follow all rules set forth by the Online Privacy Alliance Destructoid.com is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
The following statement details our ongoing support for the responsible collection and management of Internet user information .
When we display an advertisement on your computer , we do not collect any personal identifiable information about you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Destructoid.com does , like other Internet advertisers , collect certain information which can not personally identify you .
( Specifically : Cookies ! )
This category of information is generally referred to as non-personally-identifiable information includes information like the server or internet service provider you use , type of browser used .
There are some cases where you , the Internet user , may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a particular ad ( a survey or purchase order form ) .
In such cases the third party advertising with Destructoid.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser .
The advertiser in turn uses this information to reply to your request .
Furthermore , Destructoid.com does not divulge any information regarding the users who use email for correspondence with the webmaster or any representative of Destructoid.com .
Destructoid does not sell its own ads .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on our Web Site , other web sites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , check out http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
In layman 's terms : it 's just a cookie that says " hey you saw this ad already " or " ok , he clicked on a banner ad for leather rock pants , lets show this guy more of those. "  
We do n't share any information from your personal account with advertisers .
( i ) Entities that are not affiliated with Associate , such as Gaikai ( collectively , Providers ) may provide certain products and/or services ( e.g. , the Gaikai Service ) on behalf of Associate ; and ( ii ) Associate may disclose and/or share with Gaikai ( as a Provider ) certain data and other information regarding visitors ' usage of the Associate Site ( collective , Usage Data ) , and/or regarding the individuals who access and use the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content by means of the Associate Sites , and may allow Gaikai ( as a Provider ) to collect and use certain Usage Data and other information regarding such individuals , their respective computer system configurations and performance characteristics , and their use of the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content .
Such information may include information that is not personally identifiable ( e.g. , computer CPU , graphics card , stability of Internet connectivity , latency , etc. ) , and may also include personally identifiable information regarding such individuals ( e.g. , email addresses , etc. )  
and/or information that some jurisdictions consider to be personally identifiable information , such as an IP address .
Gaikai 's collection , retention and use of any and all such information shall be subject to Gaikai 's corporate privacy policy , as posted on http : //www.gaikai.com/
privacy , which policy may be amended by Gaikai from time to time , at its sole discretion , both during and after the term of the Agreement .
Even the best policy ca n't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances .
Unscrupulous advertisers , hackers , and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets .
Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities .
Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication .
Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages , including online greetings .
Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board , your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail ( also known as spam ) .
Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so .
Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name , password , or credit card information .
Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information .
Always monitor your children 's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use .
For more information , click here for the Internet Education Foundation 's Online Safety Guide for Kids .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Website , you can contact the site owner at niero @
destructoid.com .
I will do our best to reply within 48 hours .
Last modified October 8 , 2013 .
Table of Contents
Welcome
What does the Privacy Policy apply to ?
What information does Wizards collect ?
Chat , Forums , Blogs , and Discussion Lists Online Stores Promotions E-mail Web Postcards Resumes Online Surveys
Who is collecting my information and how will it be used ?
With whom does Wizards share my personal information ?
Social Media International Transfer of Information ?
Clear GIFs , Cookies and IP Addresses Log Files Linking to third party sites Opt-out Safeguarding your personal information Review , update , and removal of personal information Your California Privacy Rights Questions and Complaints Note to Parents Teenages
( Ages 13-17 ) Children
Under 13 Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information Notification of Updates to the Privacy Policy Parental Access Wizards
Contact Information Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the coolest information about the world of hobby gaming Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the latest about the world of hobby gaming , a place to meet and play with other gamers like you , and discover some of the best independent and strategy games available .
If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Wizards ' policy regarding the online collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below .
Wizards respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and is committed to providing you with a secure online environment .
We have adopted an Online Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) that guides how we collect , store and use the information you provide us online .
This Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that Wizards is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all our web sites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB .
Whenever you visit a web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of :  Exactly what personal information may be collected ; The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information ; Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information ; How this information may be used , including , with whom , if anyone , it might be shared ; Whether a company uses cookies or tracks IP Addresses to collect information ; What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information ; How a company ensures data security , quality , and integrity ; How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company collects and maintains ; Where and how to ask questions or file complaints ; and , Whether and how information is collected from Children under 13 .
If you have any questions , complaints , or comments regarding our privacy statement or policies , please contact the Privacy Policy Administrator .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/
For complaints , you can also contact ESRB Privacy Online directly through their consumer hotline , or by regular mail at 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor , New York , NY 10017 .
Back to top This privacy policy applies to all web sites operated or controlled by Wizards including www.wizards.com ( collectively , all such websites shall be referred to as the " Sites " ) .
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
Back to top Wizards wants to give you the most exciting Internet experience possible .
To help us figure out what you like and do n't like about our sites , we may ask for your opinion from time to time .
Wizards may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you :  create a profile to participate in Wizards community features shop at one of our affiliate online stores give credit card information to make purchases from our Sites * enter a shipping and billing address when making a purchase participate in contests , events , or promotions send questions or comments to Wizards customer service submit your resume to us online fill out online surveys
* While Wizards may collect credit card data from its customers from time to time , it will also use third party credit card processing companies to process your payment transactions .
When it is using such a third party processing company , Wizards will not have access to your credit card data .
The requested information may include personal information such as your name , e-mail address , telephone number , and home address .
In addition , we may request demographic information such as your age , the gender and birth dates of children in your household , and toy and game ownership and preferences .
If you are under the age of 13 , some features of the Sites may be unavailable to you .
For others , you will need your parent or guardian 's consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities .
Kids , if you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Site , ask your parent or guardian for help .
See Note To Parents below for more information .
To register an account with Wizards , you must provide a date of birth , first name and last name , city , country , postal code , gender , e-mail address , password and screen name .
Your personal profile ( Your Profile ) will be automatically populated with the screen name , birth date , gender , country and postal code you provided at registration .
The information in Your Profile , including any information or content you voluntarily add to Your Profile such as first and last name and images you upload , will be made public by default and will not be subject to this policy , unless you set Your Profile to Private .
To change Your Profile privacy settings , go to Your Profile page and click on Profile in the left navigation menu .
Then click Privacy Settings .
In this section , you may also change Your Profile information , who can view your page and activity , and who can contact you on the Site , as well as control how we communicate with you .
Your Profile will be searchable by screen name , full name , city , state/province , country , age , and postal code .
You can change this by selecting Exclude me from search results in Privacy Settings .
Please note : The photo you selected ( you are not required to upload a personal photo ) as your avatar and your screen name will always display on your page , posts , and in search results .
If you choose to populate Your Profile with your full name , your full name will display on Your Profile unless you set Your Profile to private as described above .
Information and content you choose to make public either through Your Profile , or by posting on the Sites , are not subject to this policy .
Wizards collects information from you at other points on the Sites , as described below :  Message Boards , Blogs and Social Networking Wizards provides message boards , blogs and other public forums on the Sites for exchanging information and social networking .
Please note that information , user content or any other materials that you post on our Sites , including any information from Your Profile that you choose to make public , will be available for any user of that service to read , and are therefore no longer private and may be disclosed without limitations as to use by a third party .
If you post information , materials or other content on the Sites or other public forum , you are providing information that can be collected and used by others that you do not know for their own purposes , including the distribution of unsolicited communications .
Online Stores Visitors purchasing goods and services through one of our affiliate online stores will need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date , in addition to name , mailing address , phone number and e-mail address .
Promotions
To participate in some of our promotions , you may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name , so that we can let you know if you won a prize .
For other Wizards promotions , we may request your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail .
Customer Service E-mails
By requesting your e-mail address to respond to your customer service question or comment , we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you for marketing purposes .
We will only use personal information ( such as name , mailing address and e-mail address ) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail .
Although we may retain your name , e-mail address , and other information you provide , we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments .
Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) Participants including store owners and event organizers have the opportunity to sign up with the Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) in order to participate in organized play events .
Participants must provide certain identifiable information to be eligible to participate in these events .
Resumes
Our Sites allow for the online submission of resumes .
Personal information collected from resumes is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
However , we can assure you that such information will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings .
Online Surveys
In order to improve the user experience at our Site , we may employ online surveys for visitors to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit our Sites and what we can do to make them better .
Information collected through these surveys is anonymous ; we can not identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through another means .
Whatever the activity may be , we will only collect information to the extent it is reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives .
If you do not want to submit personal information when requested , you will not be able to access certain areas on our Sites or take advantage of certain features of our Sites .
However , you do not need to provide personal information to Wizards in order to use our Sites .
Back to top Wizards collects the personal information you provide on our Sites .
We may use the information you submit to our Sites to send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest .
We may also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and can better meet your needs .
The demographic information ( e.g. , age and gender ) you provide us is collected by Wizards and may be disclosed in aggregate to third parties .
This aggregate demographic information can not be used to personally identify you or your computer .
Third parties who fulfill Site-related services such as hosting may collect the personal information you provide on our Sites .
These third parties will not use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the Site-related services , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of your personal information .
Third parties that advertise through or serve ads on our Sites may gather non-personally identifying data about the advertisements you viewed and the Site pages that interest you through the use of cookies and clear GIFs ( these technologies are described below ) .
This information helps advertisers determine which kinds of advertisements you might prefer .
Wizards ' privacy policy does not cover the policies or practices of these third parties .
Visitors should consult the third parties ' privacy notices .
Back to top Wizards may share your information with its related entities , including its parent and sister companies .
Wizards may share your personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These entities will not use your personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
Wizards also may disclose your personal information in order to fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
Also , if you make a purchase on one of our sites , your credit card data may have to be disclosed to an unaffiliated third party payment processing company as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
In the event that such data is shared , Wizards will take all reasonable steps to ensure the applicable third parties protect the data adequately .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
Except as set forth herein , Wizards of the Coast LLC , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties .
However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law .
You also can engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or third-party social media plug-ins and applications ) .
When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications
, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , ) from your interaction with our content .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Wizards may transfer that information to its parent , affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :  
* the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and * the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
Back to top Clear GIFs , sometimes called " web bugs " or pixel tags , are file objects , usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF ( Graphics Interchange Format , one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web ) , that are placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior .
The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page , the URL of the page the GIF is on , the time the page was viewed , the type of browser used , and it can also identify a previously set cookie value .
This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to Wizards and we use this information to accurately count visitors across our web sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of web sites .
Wizards does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information .
Wizards uses " cookies " to enhance your experience at our Sites .
Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site , how often they visit that site and what content they are most interested in viewing .
For example , a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or " IP " address ( an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet ) , such as the time and duration of your visits , how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site .
Wizards ' web sites collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our web sites .
When visitors request pages on one of our web sites , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses .
We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our community rules Code of Conduct or posted Legal Notice , or to protect our services , web sites , customers , or others .
Back to top Other information passively collected by Wizards is in the form of logs -- files that record web site activity and gather statistics about web users ' browsing habits .
These entries are generated anonymously , and help Wizards determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have visited our web sites , which pages they 've visited , and other similar data .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you .
Back to top To provide relevant information not found on our Sites and to facilitate online shopping , Wizards may provide links from our Sites to third party web sites .
We encourage our users to read third party sites ' privacy policies before submitting personal information ..  
Back to top
If you do not want Wizards to send you e-mail or regular mail about our products and/or services , you can opt-out at the time of registration or at the time of information collection .
If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Wizards ' e-mail list , you can do so by using the link included with a Wizards e-mail or by contacting customer service .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us .
Any information provided to us is housed in a PCI-certified secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel secured with passkeys and under 24-hour video surveillance .
Wizards uses Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt the personal information that you send to us through account registration and payment processes .
We store your information in an encrypted format .
Back to top If you have registered with our site , you may at any time review
and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by contacting customer service .
Please be sure to include in your message the name of the feature for which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Wizards who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , contact customer service :  Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Any questions or complaints about Wizards or this privacy statement can be addressed by contacting Customer Service : Wizards contact options : Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ We reserve the right to change this statement at any time , so visit this page from time to time to check for changes .
For additional information about our web sites , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use .
Back to top Wizards has developed its web sites to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages .
Wizards recognizes that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on the web sites or how the web sites operate .
That is the purpose of the Privacy Statement .
Please discuss this statement with your children so that they will better understand how to use the web sites and the information they may be asked to provide .
Wizards strongly believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the web sites will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the web sites , as well as protect its users ' privacy .
If you have any questions or comments about our policy , please contact us using the Contact Information provided below .
For all other issues , please contact Wizards Customer Service .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Teenagers ( Ages 13-17 )  Wizards may collect personal information from users over 13 and under 18 ( " teenager " ) .
When a web site user in this age category submits personal information , Wizards may request a parent or guardian 's e-mail address to notify the parent or guardian of the teenager 's activity .
Personal information collected from these visitors is subject to the policies set forth above ..  
Back to top Children Under 13 Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Wizards may collect and store personal information about children under 13 ( " children " or " child " ) if it is submitted by way of our registration form and with the parent 's or legal guardian 's verifiable consent .
To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all users who wish to register to submit their date of birth .
Those users that indicate they are under 13 years of age are directed to a Parental Consent Form .
The Parental Consent Form is available for viewing here , and it must be signed and returned to Wizards by mail or fax , before we will collect information from users who have indicated they are under 13 .
If given verifiable permission from a parent or legal guardian , Wizards may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , e-mail address , mailing address , parent 's or legal guardian 's name , and parent 's or legal guardian 's email address .
Wizards may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information .
Wizards will only collect this information if it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child or parent/ legal guardian and provided with the parent 's or legal guardian 's signed permission .
We do not gather personal information about a child through the use of passive collection mechanisms such as cookies .
For more information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on cookies ( provided above ) .
The information that a child provides on his/her registration form may be used to : ( a ) allow the child to participate in activities on our web sites ( e.g. , contests ) ; and , ( b ) allow us to send the child promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest .
Wizards may share kids ' personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal website support operations ( e.g. , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These entities will not use kids ' personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can constantly improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs .
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
To read about the steps Wizards takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on " Safeguarding your personal information " ( above ) .
In some instances , certain portions of our web sites ( e.g. , electronic postcards ) will allow children under 13 to submit personal information such as their e-mail addresses without first obtaining their parents ' or legal guardians ' consent .
Such portions of our web sites operate activities or provide services in a way that does not require prior parental consent under the law .
Other areas of our web sites will facilitate a child 's participation in our Community features such as forums , wikis , and blogs , as well as creation of a profile .
Your child 's participation may result in public disclosure of the personal information he or she posts through these features .
We will take all reasonable measures to delete any personal information of a child posted through our Community features if and when such information is discovered .
Back to top Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information Wizards may share children 's personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These web sites will not use this personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
Wizards , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties .
However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law .
Back to top Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information your child provides to us .
Any information provided to us is housed in a secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel .
Back to top Notification of Updates to Privacy Policy Changes to the privacy policy will be made to this page .
We may also notify customers via email and/or other means , in our discretion .
Back to top Parental Access A parent who has already given Wizards permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information or discontinue further collection and use of the child 's personal information .
To do so , please contact us using the contact information below and be sure to include the following :  Your child 's name and e-mail address
Your name and e-mail address
The name of the feature for which your child is registered We will be happy to honor your request .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Wizards Contact Information
Any personal information that a child provides to our web sites for purposes of registration is collected by Wizards .
Wizards contact information is as follows :  
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Box 707
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ webregistration @
wizards.comWizards is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
If you believe that we have not properly responded to your inquiry , you may also contact ESRB Privacy Online at http
: //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp ESRB Attn.
: Director , Privacy Online 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York , NY 10017 privacy @ esrb.org
