Upon your first visit to CureZone , CureZone , like many other web sites , sends a " cookie " to your computer .
A cookie is a small text file containing a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user .
Cookies can not be used to infect your computer with viruses !
Cookies can not be used to collect information about you that you do n't wont to disclose ( name , address , phone , email )  
CureZone uses cookies to improve the quality of our service .
CureZone does this by storing user preferences in cookies .
CureZone will never disclose its cookies to third parties .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Be aware , however , that some parts of the CureZone Service may not function properly if you refuse cookies .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on CureZone displaying Google AdSense for content ads .
When you visit CureZone and either view or click on an ad , a cookie may be dropped on your browser .
The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help Google better serve and manage the ads on CureZone and across the web .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on CureZone .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on the pages you visited on CureZone and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
CureZone does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email , etc. )  except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
CureZone server , just like any other web server , logs and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each page visit .
That information is used to trace web site usage and to provide more relevant services to individual users .
General CureZone collects personal information when you register with CureZone , when you use CureZone forums or when you subscribe for CureZone newsletter .
When you register we ask for information such asemail address , while all other information is optional : your name , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests.
Once you register with CureZone and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
CureZone automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , CureZone cookie information , and the page you request .
CureZone uses information for the following general purposes : to customize & fulfill your requests for services , to improve our services , to contact you and to conduct research .
Children We do not collect any personal information from a child under age 13 .
We do not allow children under age 13 to join curezone forums .
CureZone does not ask a child under age 16 for more personal information ( name , address , phone , ... ) .
Cookies CureZone may set and access CureZone cookies on your computer .
General You can edit your CureZone Account Information , including your email address .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the CureZone service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and special issues of the CureZone Newsletter , that are considered part of your CureZone account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
You can delete all your personal information inside your CureZone account by visiting this page .
But , you can not delete you username .
Certain information , like you email address might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
Children Parents can review , edit , and delete information relating to their child 's CureZone account only with the child 's permission .
If a parent chooses not to allow us to further collect or use a child 's information , parents must contact the webmaster .
We limit access to personal information about you to members of the CureZone team who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at CureZone .
CureZone may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your CureZone account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions or suggestions , please contact webmaster .
Dr. Robert Rey Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information
THIS
NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION
ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET
ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION .
PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY .
If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Privacy Contact Rpbert Rey , M.D .
This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment , payment or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law .
It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information .
Protected health information is information about you , including demographic information , that may identify you and that relates to your past , present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services .
We are required to abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices .
We may change the terms of our notice at any time .
The new notice will be effective for all protected health information that we maintain both before and after the change .
Upon your request , we will provide you with any revised Notice of Privacy Practices by calling the office and requesting that a revised copy be sent to you in the mail or asking for one at the time of your next appointment .
1 .
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
You will be asked by your physician to sign this Notice of Privacy Practices .
We will make a good faith effort to obtain a written acknowledgement that you received this Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information the first time we provide services to you after April 14 , 2003 or as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances .
Your protected health information may be used and disclosed by your physician , our office staff and others outside of our office that are involved in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you .
Your protected health information may also be used and disclosed to obtain payment for your health care bills and to support the operation of the physician 's practice .
Following are examples of the types of uses and disclosures of your protected health care information that the physician 's office is permitted to make .
These examples are not meant to be exhaustive , but to describe the types of uses and disclosures that may be made by our office .
Treatment .
We will use and disclose your protected health information to provide , coordinate or manage your health care and any related services .
This includes the coordination or management of your health care with a third party that may need access to your protected health information .
For example , we would disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to a home health agency that provides care to you .
We will also disclose protected health information to other physicians who may be treating you .
For example , your protected health information may be provided to a physician to whom you have been referred to ensure that the physician has the necessary information to diagnose or treat you .
In addition , we may disclose your protected health information from time-to-time to another physician or health care provider ( e.g. , a specialist or laboratory ) who , at the request of your physician , becomes involved in your care by providing assistance with your health care diagnosis or treatment to your physician .
Payment .
Your protected health information will be used , as needed , to obtain payment for your health care services .
This may include certain activities that your health insurance plan may undertake before it approves or pays for the health care services we recommend for you such as : making a determination of eligibility or coverage for insurance benefits , reviewing services provided to you for medical necessity and undertaking utilization review activities .
For example , obtaining approval for a hospital stay may require that your relevant protected health information be disclosed to the health plan to obtain approval for the hospital admission .
Healthcare Operations .
We may use or disclose , as needed , your protected health information in order to support the business activities of your physician 's practice .
These activities include , but are not limited to , quality assessment activities , employee review activities , training of medical students , licensing , and conducting or arranging for other business activities .
For example , we may disclose your protected health information to medical school students that see patients at our office .
In addition , we may use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician .
We may also call you by name in the waiting room when your physician is ready to see you .
We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to contact you to remind you of your appointment .
We will share your protected health information with third party business associates that perform various activities ( e.g. , billing , transcription services ) for the practice .
Whenever an arrangement between our office and a business associate involves the use or disclosure of your protected health information , we will have a written contract that contains terms that will protect the privacy of your protected health information .
We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to provide you with information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you .
We may also use and disclose your protected health information for other marketing activities .
For example , your name and address may be used to send you a newsletter about our practice and the services we offer .
We may also send you information about products or services that we believe may be beneficial to you .
You may contact our Privacy Contact to request that these materials not be sent to you .
We may use or disclose your demographic information and the dates that you received treatment from your physician , as necessary , in order to contact you for fundraising activities supported by our office .
If you do not want to receive these materials , please contact our Privacy Contact and request that these fundraising materials not be sent to you .
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Based Upon Your Written Authorization Other uses and disclosures of your protected health information will be made only with your written authorization , unless otherwise permitted or required by law as described below .
You may revoke this authorization , at any time , in writing , except to the extent that your physician or the physician 's practice has taken an action in reliance on the use or disclosure indicated in the authorization .
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Authorization or Opportunity to Object
We may use and disclose your protected health information in the following instances .
You have the opportunity to agree or object to the use or disclosure of all or part of your protected health information .
If you are not present or able to agree or object to the use or disclosure of the protected health information , then your physician may , using professional judgment , determine whether the disclosure is in your best interest .
In this case , only the protected health information that is relevant to your health care will be disclosed .
Facility Directories .
Unless you object , we will use and disclose in our facility directory your name , the location at which you are receiving care , your condition ( in general terms ) , and your religious affiliation .
All of this information , except religious affiliation , will be disclosed to people that ask for you by name .
Members of the clergy will be told your religious affiliation .
Others Involved in Your Healthcare .
Unless you object , we may disclose to a member of your family , a relative , a close friend or any other person you identify , your protected health information that directly relates to that person 's involvement in your health care .
If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure , we may disclose such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment .
We may use or disclose protected health information to notify or assist in notifying a family member , personal representative or any other person that is responsible for your care of your location , general condition or death .
Finally , we may use or disclose your protected health information to an authorized public or private entity to assist in disaster relief efforts and to coordinate uses and disclosures to family or other individuals involved in your health care .
Emergencies .
We may use or disclose your protected health information in an emergency treatment situation .
If this happens , your physician shall try to obtain your acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices as soon as reasonably practicable after the delivery of treatment .
If your physician or another physician in the practice is required by law to treat you and the physician has attempted to obtain your acknowledgement , but is unable , he or she may still use or disclose your protected health information for treatment , payment , and health care operations .
Communication Barriers .
We may use and disclose your protected health information if your physician or another physician in the practice attempts to obtain an acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices from you , but is unable to do so due to substantial communication barriers .
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Consent , Authorization or Opportunity to Object
We may use or disclose your protected health information in the following situations without your acknowledgement or authorization .
These situations include :  Required by Law Public Health Communicable Diseases Health Oversight Abuse or Neglect Food and Drug Administration Legal Proceedings Law Enforcement Coroners , Funeral Directors and Organ Donation Research Criminal Activity Military Activity and National Security Workers ' Compensation Inmates
Required Uses and Disclosures
Following is a statement of your rights with respect to your protected health information and a brief description of how you may exercise these rights .
You have the right to inspect and copy your protected health information .
This means you may inspect and obtain a copy of protected health information about you that is contained in a designated record set for as long as we maintain the protected health information .
A designated record set contains medical and billing records and any other records that your physician and the practice uses for making decisions about you .
Under federal law , however ; you may not inspect or copy the following records : psychotherapy notes ; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of , or use in , a civil , criminal , or administrative action or proceeding ; and protected health information that is subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information .
Depending on the circumstances , a decision to deny access may be reviewable .
In some circumstances , you may have a right to have this decision reviewed .
Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about access to your medical record .
You have the right to request a restriction of your protected health information .
This means you may ask us not to use or disclose any part of your protected health information for the purposes of treatment , payment or healthcare operations .
You may also request that any part of your protected health information not be disclosed to family members or friends who may be involved in your care or for notification purposes as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices .
Your request must state the specific restriction requested and to whom you want the restriction to apply .
Your physician is not required to agree to a restriction that you may request .
If a physician believes it is in your best interest to permit use and disclosure of your protected health information , your protected health information will not be restricted .
If your physician does agree to the requested restriction , we may not use or disclose your protected health information in violation of that restriction unless it is needed to provide emergency treatment .
With this in mind , please discuss any restriction you wish to request with your physician .
You may request a restriction by submitting a written request to our Privacy Contact .
You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location .
We will accommodate reasonable requests .
We may also condition this accommodation by asking you for information as to how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact .
We will not request an explanation from you as to the basis for the request .
Please make this request in writing to our Privacy Contact .
You may have the right to have your physician amend your protected health information .
This means you may request an amendment of protected health information about you in a designated record set for as long as we maintain this information .
In certain cases , we may deny your request for an amendment .
If we deny your request for amendment , you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal .
Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about amending your medical record .
You have the right to receive an accounting of certain disclosures we have made , if any , of your protected health information .
This right applies to disclosures for purposes other than treatment , payment or healthcare operations and valid authorizations or incidental disclosures as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices .
It excludes disclosures we may have made to you , for a facility directory , to family members or friends involved in your care , or for notification purposes .
You have the right to receive specific information regarding these disclosures that occurred after April 14 , 2003 .
You may request a shorter timeframe .
The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions , restrictions and limitations .
You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this notice from us , upon request , even if you have agreed to accept this notice electronically .
You may complain to us or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us .
You may file a complaint with us by notifying our Privacy Contact of your complaint .
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint .
You may contact our Privacy Contact Robert Rey , at 310 205-3107 for further information about the complaint process .
This notice was published and becomes effective on April 14 , 2003 .
Our Commitment to Privacy Updated November 20 , 2009
Our Commitment to Privacy Your privacy is important to us .
To protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
When you request information , order a product or service , register using one of our forms , donate , or contact us offline , we may need your specific information in order to process your registration/request and reply promptly .
We may ask you for contact information ( such as your name , email and address ) and demographic information ( such as your zip code or age ) .
We also collect demographic and profile data at our site and in our databases .
We ask for health-related data to help us help you through our information , our programs and our services .
We use data you provide to tailor your experience at ADA and develop and distribute content that we think you might be interested in .
In general , we use identifiable information to complete a transaction , as indicated below .
Part of our mission is to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes , and we do that by providing appropriate health information .
We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties , except as described here .
To learn more about our encryption policies , please review the section on " Protecting Personal Information " ( below ) .
This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources .
You acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites or resources .
You further acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource .
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the American Diabetes Association Web site .
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web sites , new services or features offered by the American Diabetes Association , and special offers and information we think you will find valuable .
If you would rather not receive this information , please contact us through one of the channels identified in " How to Correct or Update Information " ( below ) .
Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this Web site .
Google Analytics does not maintain individual profiles for visitors , nor does Google Analytics collect data that might identify the individual visitor .
Google Analytics only collects aggregate data .
Click here for more information about the Google Analytics privacy policy .
When you place orders or access your account information , we use a secure server .
This secure server software , SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) , encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us .
Furthermore , all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates .
Digital certificates for the American Diabetes Association are issued by VeriSign , one of the most established signers of digital certificates .
We collect standard information , by way of a cookie , to help us evaluate how our sites are being used .
A cookie is a small uniquely identifiable text file that is stored on your machine .
A cookie collects information that is used for statistical purposes and does not identify you in any way .
Our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you do n't see the same content repeatedly .
We use cookies to deliver information specific to your interests and to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can change your browser settings to prevent that .
Even without accepting cookies , you can still use most of the features throughout the American Diabetes Association Web sites .
ADA Policies Regarding Disclosure of Personal Information ADA , like many other non-profit organizations , occasionally makes available only our contributor names and postal addresses to companies , predominantly other non-profit organizations .
In addition , member and donor names are provided to a credit card vendor as part of our affinity program .
Names of Tour de Cure participants may be provided to local bike shops .
These practices help us reduce costs of reaching more individuals with our diabetes-related information .
These companies are carefully screened .
Names/addresses are provided on a one-time basis ; therefore , these companies will not have continued access to your name and address unless you respond to them directly , which you are free to do or not to do .
You can request that we do not share your information by emailing us at privacy @ diabetes.org .
( If you use more than one email address , postal address or telephone number , please identify each one. )  
The American Diabetes Association may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related site information to reputable third-party vendors , but these statistics will include no personal identifying information .
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
We adhere to the 1998 Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
( For more information , visit the Federal Trade Commission 's COPPA site .
Special Considerations for Parents and Legal Guardians Regarding Planet D and Diabetes CampMessage Boards
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
Children under age 13 are prohibited from entering the diabetes.org Message Board area .
PlanetD Message Boards : PlanetD is designed to be a safe place for children and youth to exchange messages .
No personally identifiable information is collected during the PlanetD Message Board registration process .
Diabetes Camp Message Boards :
Access to the Diabetes
Camp Message Boards is controlled ; only children and youth who have attended an ADA sponsored , supported , or affiliated Diabetes Camp are provided access .
To ensure authentication , personally identifiable information ( first name , last name , and a child 's email address ) are collected , along with the email address of a parent or legal guardian .
This information is collected only for authentication purposes , and is securely stored , and never used for another purpose , and never shared with third-parties .
It is our recommendation that children , especially children under 13 , have an email account that is connected to their parent or guardian , so that the parent or guardian is notified about the child 's email activity .
Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to contact the American Diabetes .
Association at any time regarding privacy questions or concern .
Parents and legal guardians may also contact us at any time to request that we delete a child 's PlanetD-ID and/or CampDiabetes Message Board registration information and/or refuse to permit further access to the PlanetD and CampDiabetes Message Boards .
We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us for a child 's information is that child 's parent or guardian .
American Diabetes Association 1701
N , Beauregard Street Alexandria , VA
22311 ATTN :
Customer Service Center Phone : ( 703 ) 549-1500 Email : privacy @
diabetes.org ADA does not send unsolicited commercial email to individuals with whom they do not have consent/permission or a pre-existing or current business relationship .
ADA provides all email recipients with a clear , easy and effective method to unsubscribe to any and all online communications .
Here are the options for changing and modifying information previously provided .
Email privacy @ diabetes.org or send a letter to :  American Diabetes Association 1701 N. Beauregard Street Alexandria , VA 22311 ATTN :
Customer Service Center The American Diabetes Association welcomes your questions and comments about this privacy statement , about the practices of the ADA , and about your dealings with this Web site .
Please send email to privacy @ diabetes.org , or write to :  American Diabetes Association 1701 N. Beauregard Street Alexandria , VA 22311 ATTN :
Internet Strategy & Operations Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated October 12 , 2011 .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC , an Arizona limited liability company that owns and operates www.drweil.com , www.drweilonhealthyaging.com , www.drweilvitaminadvisor.com , www.drweilproducts.com , www.drweilblog.com , www.spontaneoushappiness.com and www.weiljuvenon.com ( known hereafter collectively as " Weil Lifestyle , LLC " , " Websites , " " we " or " us " ) cares about the privacy of each user of our Websites .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy , you should contact Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
You can also contact us via regular mail at : Weil Lifestyle , LLC , PO Box 24762 , Tempe , AZ 85285 .
The Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites have agreed to notify each user of the following : What personal information of yours or a third party is collected from you by the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites
The name of the organization collecting such information .
How the information is or may be used .
With whom the information may be shared .
What choices are available to you regarding the collection , use and distribution of such information .
The security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of the information which is under the control of the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites .
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
The Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites ( including www.drweil.com , www.drweilonhealthyaging.com , www.drweilvitaminadvisor.com , www.drweilproducts.com , www.drweilblog.com , www.spontaneoushappiness.com and www.weiljuvenon.com ) collectively the " Websites " collect information from our users at several different points on our Websites .
When you use any of the Websites , some basic , general information is collected .
This general information is used internally in connection with our business to improve the Websites , including our marketing and advertising efforts , and to make your use of the Websites as enjoyable and efficient as possible .
When you set up an account on our Websites or purchase an item from our Websites , we collect personal information provided by you voluntarily that may include your : ( i ) first and last name ; ( ii ) billing address ; ( iii ) shipping address ; ( iv ) other shipping addresses ; ( v ) email address ; ( vi ) phone number ; ( vii ) credit card account number ; ( viii ) items purchased from us .
We use this personal information in order to provide you with the content , subscriptions , goods and services that you request or purchase on our Websites .
We use your email address to provide you with information about your order and its status and we may occasionally send out emails , including newsletters , to people who have placed an order on-line , with information about other goods and services available on our Websites .
Your phone number may be used by us in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact you about an order you have placed or to contact you regarding customer offers or information you have requested or we need to provide to you .
As you use the Websites and services , certain information may also be passively collected .
Through cookies , pixels , beacons , log files and other technologies , we may collect information about how you use the Websites and services .
By knowing about you , we can deliver more helpful information , programs , tools and advertisements .
Please see the Third Party Advertising on Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Targeted Advertising sections below for more information .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC , owns and operates the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites and we are the sole owner of this information collected on them .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to a third party in any way other than as disclosed in this privacy policy without your opt-in agreement .
We may share this information to a 3rd party or vendor in ways disclosed in this privacy policy .
We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities and may , in our sole discretion , disclose personal information or other information to satisfy any law , regulation , subpoena , or government request .
We reserve the right to release personal information or other information about users who we believe are engaged in illegal activities or are otherwise in violation of our Terms of Service , even without a subpoena , warrant or court order , if we believe , in our sole discretion , that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate our Websites or to protect the rights or property of Weil Lifestyle , LLC , our affiliates , or our officers , directors , employees , agents , third-party content providers , suppliers , sponsors , or licensors .
We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities we reasonably believe in our sole discretion to be unlawful .
If we are legally compelled to disclose information about you to a third party , we will attempt to notify you by sending an email to the email address in our records unless doing so would violate the law or unless you have not provided your email address to us .
To use some features on the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites , a user must first complete a registration form on the Website .
During registration , a user is required to give contact information , such as name and email address .
This information is used to contact users about the services on our Websites for which they have indicated interest .
In some cases , except for www.drweilvitaminadvisor.com Website , it is optional for users to provide additional , demographic information , such as age and gender , but we encourage our users to provide such information so that we can provide a more personalized experience for our users on our Websites .
When completing the initial Vitamin Advisor questionnaire , we ask general questions about your lifestyle , family history , medical history , and current medications .
This information is used to develop a personalized supplement program recommendation for you .
There is no cost to you and you may use this recommendation as you choose .
While our goal is to provide you with our CustomPak Product , you have no obligation to purchase products from us .
We provide the Vitamin Advisor free of charge .
The information is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for any information contained on or in any product label or packaging .
You should not use the information from any Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites for diagnosing or treating any health problem or disease , or prescribing any medication or other treatment .
A cookie is a text file stored on the user 's hard drive containing information about the user .
Websites create cookies to record information about a user 's preferences , such as the items you add to your shopping cart , and for security purposes ( see Security below ) .
Cookies are also used to help us determine the various services you use and the support you may need , and to help us detect and solve any problems you may have while using our Websites .
In addition , the use of a cookie on our Websites will enable users to log on without having to reenter their password on each visit and to fully participate in our Community discussions .
Most cookies expire after a certain time period .
If you wish , you may set your browser to reject all cookies and still view our Websites .
Cookies placed by Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites are not tied to any personally identifiable information .
Also , in the course of serving advertisements to our Websites , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
Banner advertisements appearing on these Websites are delivered to you by third-party ad-servers ( AdJuggler , DART ) .
Information about your visits to these Websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites third party vendors may use cookies to understand Web usage patterns of users who see advertisements on the Websites , to control the sequence of advertisements you see , to make sure you do n't see the same advertisement too many times , to determine your interests and to target advertisements and promotions based on those interests .
These third party vendors may connect information about pages you visit on our Websites with information about pages you visit on other Websites and show you advertising based on this combined information .
The advertisement may appear when you are visiting a different section of the Websites , another sSite or any other website on the internet if the website also has a relationship with our vendor .
Advertisers on the Websites may also engage in Behavioral Advertising and use cookies and web beacons in the manner described above .
We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or web beacons or what they do with the information they collect .
Many third party vendors that engage in Behavioral Advertising participate in the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and abide by NAI principles , which prohibit members from connecting Personal Information to information they collect through cookies without your explicit consent .
If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI members or learn more about the NAI , please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and follow the instructions .
After you opt-out , you will still see advertisements from NAI members , but the advertising will not be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns .
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used , please visit http :
//www.doubleclick.com/privacy/opting_out.aspx .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites display retargeted ads to our site prospects , on our behalf , across the Internet by the use of the services of advertising partners who collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Websites , and your interaction with our products and services .
The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag which is industry standard technology used by most major Websites .
No personally identifiable information is collected during this process .
If you do not want the advertising partners of Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites to collect this information , you may opt out of their services .
Opting out will not affect your use of the Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites .
If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI members or learn more about the NAI , please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and follow the instructions .
After you opt-out , you will still see advertisements from NAI members , but the advertising will not be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns .
We know how important it is to keep the information you 've entrusted to us confidential .
We will not rent , sell or share your personal information with third parties except as specifically approved or under the circumstances described below .
If you do not want us to use or disclose personal information collected about you in the ways identified in this policy , you should not use the Websites or services .
A. Disclosure for Legal Reasons
We may disclose and release your personal information to third parties : ( a ) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( b ) in special cases , such as a physical threat to you or others , a threat to homeland security , a threat to our system or network , or cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate or prevent harm , fraud , abuse , illegal conduct or a violation or alleged violation of this policy or other agreement we may have with you .
B. Disclosure for Shipping and Billing Reasons
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders placed on our Websites , and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services purchased on our Websites .
These companies will not retain , share , store or use any of our user 's personal information for any secondary purposes .
We partner with other parties to provide specific services that are available on our Websites .
When a user signs up for these services , we will share the user 's name or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services to the use .
These parties are not allowed to use such personal information except for the purpose of providing these services .
Like most standard Websites , we use log files on our servers .
These log files store information regarding IP ( internet protocol ) addresses , browser type , ISP ( internet service provider ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks .
These log files are used to analyze trends , administer the Websites , track user 's movements in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for our use .
IP addresses , etc. are not linked to personal information .
Below are some examples of our co-branded relationships .
When accessing certain areas of the Websites , please be aware that even though the pages may have the same look and feel of these Websites , you are actually entering your personal information on the co-branded partner Website .
You may reference their privacy policy in these areas .
Weil Lifestyle partners with Drugstore.com for the fulfillment and shipment of orders placed through the Dr. Weil Vitamin Advisor and Dr. Weil on Healthy Aging .
Drugstore.com and Weil Lifestyle do share personally identifiable information to fulfill and ship orders only for those customers who have purchased through the Dr. Weil Vitamin Advisor .
Drugstore.com does not use this personal information for their own purposes .
They only use it as needed to provide this service to our customers .
Weil Lifestyle partners with Everyday Health , Inc. for the " My Optimum Health Plan " offered to our users as a premium membership product and available for purchase from Everyday Health , Inc .
Everyday Health , Inc. and Weil Lifestyle , LLC do share personally identifiable information to provide this premium service only to those members who have purchased the product .
However , Everyday Health , Inc. does not use this personal information for their own purposes .
They only use it as needed to provide this service to our members .
Weil Lifestyle partners with Juvenon for the Weil Juvenon supplement product .
When accessing the Weil Juvenon purchase page , please be aware that even though the pages may have the same look and feel of this Website , you are actually entering your personal information on the co-branded partner website .
You may reference their privacy policy in these areas .
Weil Juvenon partners with the Yahoo , Inc Small Business e-commerce platform to operate the online shopping cart which sells Weil Juvenon .
Some Licensees in the marketplace partner with Amazon or their own shopping cart engine to sell their products .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC partners with UClick for the puzzles provided on www.drweilonhealthyaging.com .
Please be aware that the puzzle pages have the same look and feel of this Website , however , you are actually on the UClick site and no personally identifiable information is required or passed to UClick .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC partners with Amazon.com and Sounds
True , Inc to sell books , CD 's , tapes and Weil branded retail vitamins .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC does not pass or share any personal information with Amazon.com or Sounds True , Inc .
Amazon.com and Sounds
True , Inc may share aggregate purchase information with Weil Lifestyle , LLC for the purpose of determining revenue share .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites use third-party tracking and analytics services Google Analytics and RTmetrics by AuriQ Systems , Inc ( " Analytics Service Providers " ) .
The information collected about your use of the Websites ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by the Analytics Service Providers on servers in the United States .
The Analytics Service Providers use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
The Analytics Service Providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on the Analytics Service Provider 's behalf .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website .
By using Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites , you consent to the processing of data about you by our Analytics Service Providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
The Websites contain links to other Websites .
We want you to be aware that when you click on such links , including banner advertising , which take you to a third-party or Licensee Website , you will be subject to such third-party 's or Licensee privacy policies .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites and we expressly disclaim any and all liability for the actions of third parties or Licensees , including , without limitation , actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of personal information by such third parties or Licensees .
We encourage our users to be aware of when they leave our Websites and enter a third-party Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects their personal information .
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by our Websites .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC uses an internal email management system as well as a third-party Email Service Provider ( Lyris , Inc. ) .
If a user wishes to subscribe to one of our e-bulletins , either Dr. Weil 's Daily Tip , Weekly Wellness Bulletin , weekend editions , special interest editions or any others that we offer , we will ask for contact information , such as name and email address .
If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about a part of our Websites , a form asks for the friend 's name and email address .
The form will automatically send the information to the friend via email .
We may store this information for tracking and reporting purposes , and we will use the form only to send this one-time referral email .
User Generated Content :
Feedback , Ratings , Comments , Public Forums and " Ask Dr. Weil "
In order to post a message , comment , rate or to use the " Ask Dr. Weil " feature on our Websites , you will be asked to sign in with your member login information .
We do not use this information in any way other than to recognize you for postings nor do we disclose this information to any third parties .
With regard to the message boards , your email address is not visible on the boards , however other users are able to send you email via your nickname without your email address being displayed .
Weil Lifestyle does not share this information with any third parties unless required by authorized law enforcement agencies when required .
With regard to the " Ask Dr. Weil " feature , your name will be used if your question has been selected for use in the " Q&A " section of the www.drweil.com Website .
If you do not wish your name used , our editor 's can , at their discretion , omit this information from the posted Q&A if you elect to remain anonymous and so request in the body of your submitted question .
Do remember that whatever you post on the message boards or write as part of the " Ask Dr. Weil " feature , it is considered public knowledge and you should always use caution when posting .
Avoid posting your home address or phone number on any public board or chat .
Although one must be a registered user to post messages the message boards are public and may be read by non-registered users .
Weil Lifestyle reserves the right to re-publish your postings from the message boards in any format .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Surveys and Contests From time-to-time , our Websites requests information from our users via surveys or contests .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to provide us with such information .
Information requested may include contact information , such as name and shipping address , and demographic information , such as zip code , age level .
It may also be shared with other third parties as disclosed at the time of collection or in the promotion rules .
These third parties may include a provider of prizes in order to update you of your status of you prize or other fulfillment needs or a co-sponsor who may use your Personal Information to administer the promotion or for marketing purposes , but only in conformance with their privacy policy as made available to you at the time of collection .
If data will be disclosed or shared in this manner , we will include a notice at the time of collection of such information .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
Survey information will be used to monitor or improve the use and efficiency of these Websites .
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you have any questions about the security of our Websites , you can send an email to Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
Communications from our Websites We send all new members a welcoming email to verify their password and user name .
Established members will occasionally receive information on products , services , special deals , and the e-bulletins .
Each user has the option to not receive these types of communications ( see Choice/Opt-Out below ) .
Occasionally , it is necessary to send out service-related announcements .
For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email informing you of such service interruption .
Generally , users may not opt-out of receiving these service-related communications .
In addition , we communicate with our users on a regular basis to provide requested services and regarding issues relating to their account via email .
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user 's personal information changes or if a user no longer desires our service , we will enable our users to correct , update or remove from our Websites the personal data they provided to us .
Such changes can be made either through the member information page on our Websites or by emailing our Webmaster at Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity when registering with our Websites to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to the provision of goods or services through our Websites and for each Web newsletter , publication or special edition .
Our membership form has an opt-out mechanism so , users purchasing a product , newsletter or membership from us may elect to not have their email address added to our marketing and promotional address lists .
Users who no longer wish to receive our e-bulletins or other marketing and promotional materials from our partners or us may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to any such promotional email indicating your desire to no longer receive such emails or by emailing our Webmaster at Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
Users of our Websites will be notified if , in connection with the use of a particular service on our Websites , their information will be collected by any outside third-party .
At such time , the user can determine whether they wish to proceed with a service that will involve an outside party having access to their information .
Collecting Information from Children
Younger Than 13 Years of Age
The Websites are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 years of age , you should not register or provide Personal Information on the Websites or through the services .
If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years of age , we will take steps to remove that user 's Personal Information from our systems .
If you are the parent or guardian of a child whom you believe has disclosed Personal Information to us , please contact us at Webmaster @
DrWeil.com
so that we may delete and remove such child 's information from our systems .
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Our privacy policy is subject to change .
In the event of any change , we will provide notice of such change on our Websites .
If we want to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated to you at the time you provided such information to us , we will notify you of such change by posting notification of such change on our Websites .
At such time , you can determine whether you wish to allow us to use your information in this different manner .
If you have opted out of all communication with our Websites or have deleted or deactivated your account with us , then you will not be contacted and your personal information will not be used .
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or believe that the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites are not abiding by our privacy policy , please contact our Webmaster by e-mail at Webmaster @
DrWeil.com .
This Privacy Promise is provided by your plan sponsor 's pharmacy benefit manager or , if not applicable , Express Scripts Holding Company ( in either case , " we " , " us " or " our " ) to all visitors ( " you " or " your " ) who use the publicly available pages of the Express-Scripts.com website located at http : //www.express-scripts.com/ , Registered Members of the Member Website ( unless otherwise expressly provided on the Member Website ) , and those users who have been granted authorized access to non-publicly available portions of the Express-Scripts.com website ( individually and collectively , the " Site " ) .
The Site may be accessed via the World Wide Web , mobile device or through a hyperlink embedded in an email or on a website hosted by a third party or one of our affiliated companies .
" Members " ( or " Beneficiaries " in the case of the TRICARE program ) are individual participants in a prescription drug benefit plan .
Individual Members who are at least eighteen years old and who have submitted a completed account registration form on the Site , or have completed the appropriate registration process from their plan sponsor 's website , or have completed the registration process via telephone with a customer service representative , or are otherwise qualified as a beneficiary under the TRICARE program are all " Registered Members " ( or " Registered Beneficiaries " in the case of the TRICARE program ) who will be provided access to the Member Website after completing the registration process .
The " Member Website " is a member-only account portal available through the Site or via mobile access which enables Registered Members to access their personal account information and to use certain other Services offered only to Registered Members .
" Services " include , for example but not limitation , access to the Member 's account and the Personal Information and Protected Health Information of the Member and ( subject to certain required approvals ) of the Member 's Covered Household Members . "
Cardholders " ( or " Sponsors " in the case of the TRICARE program ) are Members of a prescription drug benefit plan who carry the membership under their name for themselves and their Covered Household Members . "
Covered Household Members " mean individuals who are covered through the prescription drug benefit plan under the Member 's account .
" Adult Dependent " means a Covered Household Member who is over the age of eighteen .
If your Member Website identifies or contains a hyperlink to a Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) that is different from this Privacy Promise , the terms of the Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) provided to you as a hyperlink from your Member Website or otherwise set forth in your Member Website is the Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) that applies to you until such time as you are otherwise notified .
The terms contained in that Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) will override any conflicting terms contained in this Privacy Promise .
We are firmly committed to protecting the confidentiality of your Personal Information .
The term " Personal Information " means any information which can be used to identify you or any individuals who are your Covered Household Members , including by way of example , but not limitation , name , date of birth , mailing address , phone number , cell phone number , e-mail address , credit card information , and/or Social Security number . "
Protected Health Information " means any information related to your and any Covered Household Members ' health or medical status , including , by way of example , but not limitation , names of your doctors , health conditions , medicines , and/or prescription information and history .
In addition to this Privacy Promise , the version of our " Notice of Privacy Practices " which is applicable to you and made available to you on the Site describes how we may use and disclose your Protected Health Information , and your rights to access and update your Protected Health Information and how to request restrictions on our use and disclosure of your Protected Health Information .
To the extent any terms in this Privacy Promise conflict with any terms in the Notice of Privacy Practices , the Notice of Privacy Practices will control and override the terms in this Privacy Promise .
How We Collect Non-Personal Information General Tracking Information
When you register and/or visit the public or Member Website portions of the Site , we may collect Non-Personal Information from you . "
Non-Personal Information " means a data element or collection of data elements that by itself can not be associated with a specific individual .
Non-Personal Information includes by way of example but not limitation , the Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , your IP address or the automatic tracking of the pages of this Site that you access , and Site data collected on an aggregated , anonymous basis through web server logs and cookie technology ( further described below ) , third-party ad servers , and clear GIFs .
Our web server automatically collects this information , including your IP address , when you request pages from our server .
We may also collect other information regarding your interactions with the Site .
Cookies We utilize a standard technology called " cookies " and web server logs to collect information about how our Site is used .
A cookie is a very small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier .
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , the time spent at our Site , and the websites visited immediately prior to and after visiting our Site .
When you visit the Site , the Site 's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies .
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it .
With most Internet browsers , you can erase cookies from your hard drive , block all cookies , or receive a warning before a cookie is stored .
Please refer to your browser 's instructions or online help files to learn more about these functions .
How We Use Non-Personal Information
We use two kinds of cookies - session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
Session ID cookies are used to personalize your user experience , to determine ways to improve our Site , Site content , and the Services offered through the Site .
These cookies are deleted from your hard drive when you close your browser session .
Persistent cookies are used to collect non-personally identifiable information such as Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp and number of clicks .
We use your IP address so that we can send data ( such as the web pages you request ) to you .
We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns to help us understand how you use the Site and your preferred and most frequently used Site pages and Services , to provide you with better service connections and improved Site use and functionality , and to provide you with information on other services and offers that may be of interest to you .
We analyze utilization information in the aggregate to study outcomes , costs , and provider profiles , and to suggest benefit designs for your employer or health plan .
These studies generate Aggregate Data ( described below ) which we may utilize , sell or disclose to other companies or organizations .
We will not sell or disclose your Non-Personal Information to other companies or organizations .
We may perform statistical analyses of the traffic patterns , Site usage and behaviors associated with our Site .
We may use these analyses to generate Aggregate Data from the original Non-Personal Information . "
Aggregate Data " is summary level data , such as the number of users in a specific gender in a specific zip code , who have chosen a specific benefit plan .
Aggregate Data does not contain information that can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or e-mail address , and does not reflect the original form of the Non-Personal Information collected from you .
We may sell or disclose the Aggregate Data to other companies or organizations , and we may engage third parties who operate a Linked Site to collect Non-Personal Information from users of that Linked Site and share that Non-Personal Information with us as part of services provided on our behalf .
Linked Site providers will not have the ability to translate the Non-Personal Information they collect for us into Personal Information .
Please see our Linking Policy below for more details .
In some cases , we may share Non-Personal Information with third parties who provide services to us .
How We Collect Your Personal Information and Protected Health Information Registration Registration is optional ; however , Registered Members are provided access to the Member Website and to information and online Services not provided on the public website , as well as the ability to login to the Member Website when revisiting the Site .
When you register as a Registered Member , the Personal Information required to be submitted is limited to information that is reasonably necessary to allow you access to and use of the Member Website .
Once you are a Registered Member , you may be required to provide additional Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information as necessary to effectively use the Services offered through the Member Website .
The Personal Information you disclose to us during registration and in connection with the Services is provided strictly on a voluntary basis .
We may also collect Non-Personal Information during the registration process as described above .
When you become a Registered Member , you may be asked to provide us with the Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information of one or more of your Covered Household Members .
Purchases
In addition to providing Personal Information during the registration process , you may provide us with Personal Information or Protected Health Information on the checkout page of the Site when ordering and paying for products and/or if you choose to purchase products or services using our " e-check " electronic funds transfer program or through an automatic refill option .
Designated Caregiver
Should you choose to assign a Designated Caregiver ( " Caregiver " ) in the " Profile " section of the Member Website , you will be asked to provide Personal Information about this individual .
The Personal Information may include the individual 's full name , date of birth and gender which will be used by us to properly identify your Caregiver when he or she contacts us on your behalf .
Communications
When you become a Registered Member or Registered Beneficiary , we may communicate with you for a variety of purposes in accordance with your communication preferences .
By registering for use of the Member Site , you have authorized us to communicate with you through your provided e-mail address .
You may change your designated communication preferences on the communication preferences page of the Member Site .
For example , if you do not wish to receive e-mails or certain types of e-mails from us , you may so designate on the communication preferences page .
In general , once you have authorized us to utilize a particular manner of communicating with you , we may cease communicating with you through other communication channels .
At times , we may utilize communication channels not designated in your communication preferences , or may contact you regarding a particular issue or through a particular communication channel despite an otherwise stated communication preference .
In certain instances , we may communicate with you through a different communication channel , or we may utilize multiple communication channels to reach you .
Examples of when we may not be able to fully follow your communication preferences include when required by law , when we are unable to reach you by your preferred communication channel , when you have reached out to us by a particular communication channel and we respond by communicating with you through the same communication channel , or in the case of an emergency or other extenuating circumstance .
You may continue to use all communication channels available to you to reach us regardless of your communication preferences .
How We Use Your Personal Information and Protected Health Information
We will not use or disclose your Personal Information or your Protected Health Information in a manner inconsistent with applicable law , this Privacy Promise or the Notice of Privacy Practices .
Examples of our uses and disclosures include :  We will manage your prescription benefits and process your prescription drug claims .
This process may involve sharing certain Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information with you and/or your doctor , pharmacist , health plan or plan administrator .
These disclosures are made in accordance with the terms of your health plan or prescription benefit plan .
We will process and send you orders you have placed through our pharmacy .
We may send you information or contact you regarding health conditions , medicines , or programs designed to improve your health .
We may send you promotional offers or marketing information that may be of interest to you .
We may use third-party agents for purposes of marketing and transactional communications .
In certain circumstances , we may be legally compelled to release your or your Covered Household Members ' Personal Information or Protected Health Information in response to a court order , subpoena , search warrant , law or regulation or the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices .
Covered Household Members Personal Information and Protected Health Information
Our Member Website may include features through which Registered Members may view their own Protected Health Information ( such as their prescription history ) and their Personal Information .
In addition , Cardholders may use the Member Website to view Protected Health Information and Personal Information of any Covered Household Members under the age of eighteen .
When registering to use the Member Website , Adult Dependents have the ability to deny sharing their Protected Health Information or other Personal Information with other Covered Household Members , including Cardholders , spouses , parents or guardians by choosing certain privacy settings at the time of registration and/or adjusting the privacy settings at any time after registration .
Adult Dependents and Cardholders may not access the Protected Health Information or other Personal Information of other Adult Dependents unless the Adult Dependent has approved such access .
Express Scripts disclaims all present and future liability for any unauthorized use or access by any Adult Dependent of another Adult Dependent 's Personal Information .
How You Can Correct/Update Your Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information
You can correct or update your Personal Information or Protected Health Information at any time using the following options :  Login to the Member Website and update your Personal Information .
Call the Customer Service number on your Member ID card .
Write to :
Express Scripts Attention :
KANA Team One Express Way , St. Louis , MO 63121
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION , PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION AND NON
-PERSONAL INFORMATION
All Personal Information , Protected Health Information and Non-Personal Information obtained through our Site is owned by us .
Accordingly , if we are acquired , merge with another entity , or we divest one or more of our businesses , affiliates or subsidiary companies , the Sites , and any Personal Information , Protected Health Information and Non-Personal Information obtained through them , may be transferred to an applicable entity for the purposes of continuation of Services , in accordance with applicable law and the Notice of Privacy Practices .
USAGE BY CHILDREN
As stated in the Covered Household Member Information section of this Privacy Promise , our Sites is neither intended for nor designed to attract users who are under the age of 18 .
We are committed to preventing the unintentional collection of Personal Information and Protected Health Information from children under the age of 13 .
Any Personal Information and Protected Health Information of a child under 13 that is provided to us must be provided by the Registered Member , and not by a child under the age of 13 who is using the Site .
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 whom you have reason to believe has provided his or her own Personal Information or Protected Health Information to us , you have the right to request the removal of that child 's Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information from our database .
In order to request such removal , please send an e-mail to privacy @ express-scripts.com .
You will be required to verify your identity as the child 's parent or legal guardian in order to have their Personal Information or Protected Health Information removed .
Our Site may contain hyperlinks allowing our users to connect to websites owned by our third-party vendors , distributors , and providers ( " Linked Sites " ) .
You may also access our Site through a hyperlink embedded in a Linked Site .
We provide hyperlinks to the Linked Sites as part of the Services to enable you to conveniently access websites that may be of interest to you .
Please note that once you click on a hyperlink that transfers you from our Site to a third party 's Linked Site , you have left our Site , and this Privacy Promise will immediately cease to apply to any subsequent activity on the Linked Site .
We are under no obligation to notify you when you have left our Site and have accessed a Linked Site .
Use of any Linked Site will be governed by the privacy policy ( if any ) on the Linked Site .
You may , at your option , participate in surveys or provide other information to our affiliates that control a Linked Site , and that information may be shared with us or with others subject to the privacy policy terms set forth on that Linked Site .
Certain Non-Personal Information that you choose to provide through a Linked Site ( such as your member ID or comments ) that is subsequently provided to us by the Linked Site provider in connection with a service engagement may be identifiable to us as your Personal Information .
We will not share any information that we identify as Personal Information with the Linked Site provider .
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of this website across the entire transaction process .
We take reasonable technical and procedural precautions to protect the information provided by our members .
Our Internet infrastructure is protected using industry recognized commercial security products , including current encryption technology , and best practice procedures for maintenance of the website .
In addition , our infrastructure is monitored 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
No method of transmission over the Internet or storage of data on an Internet server is 100 % secure .
Although we use commercially acceptable and reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information , we do not guarantee its absolute security .
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY PROMISE You are deemed to have assented to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Promise when you use the Site
and/or when you have indicated in your online registration that you accept the Terms of Use into which this Privacy Promise is incorporated .
You are deemed to have accepted this Privacy Promise each time you access the Site and/or the Member Website after initial registration by using your personal login and password .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Promise , please do not use the Site .
The terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Promise are subject to and may be superseded by applicable Federal and State laws .
We use Non-Personal Information , Personal Information and Protected Health Information collected from you and from Covered Household Members only within the scope of use described in this Privacy Promise .
However , we reserve the right , from time to time in our sole and absolute discretion , to change , modify , to add terms or remove terms from this Privacy Promise without advance notice to you .
Changes to this Privacy Promise will be reflected when we post a new version number and updated revision date .
Therefore , we recommend that you check the version number and revision date prior to using the Member Website , and that you review this Privacy Promise on a frequent basis .
Your continued use of the Member Website after this Privacy Promise has been updated , as shown in the version number and revision date , indicates your agreement and acceptance of this Privacy Promise , including all changes made as of the date of your use of the Member Website .
HOW TO SEND US YOUR COMMENTS
We welcome your comments .
If you have general feedback regarding this Privacy Promise , please email us .
Upon submission , any suggestions you make regarding the Site become our property , and we shall have the right to use any of your comments or suggestions without further permission from or notice to you .
Specific questions regarding the enforcement of this policy should be directed to privacy @ express-scripts.com .
Privacy Policy Main Content
This website is provided as a public service by the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) .
Information presented on this site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied .
Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested .
For more information , please contact FEMA-Privacy @ fema.dhs.gov .
The information we learn about you from your visit to our website depends upon what functions you perform when visiting our site .
For site management , information is collected for statistical purposes .
This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics , which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest , determining technical design specifications , and identifying system performance or problem areas .
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages , or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit : The Internet domain ( for example , " xcompany.com " if you use a private Internet access account , or " yourschool.edu " if you connect from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our website ; The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ; The date and time you access our site ; The pages you visit ; and If you linked to the FEMA website from another website , the address of that website .
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use .
We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits .
Certain areas of FEMA 's website provide disaster-related educational content for children .
FEMA is committed to complying with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not use its website to collect personal information from children under the age of 13 years old .
In instances where a child under the age of 13 submits a question or comment , FEMA will only use the child 's e-mail address to respond to the inquiry and will delete the message in accordance with its approved records schedule .
For more information , please contact FEMA-Privacy @ fema.dhs.gov .
FEMA uses cookies on its websites solely to allow complex , software user-driven applications to function correctly .
For example , FEMA 's online ordering services for U.S. Fire Administration and the FEMA Flood Map Store publications allow users to shop through online catalogs .
When a user " checks off " a publication , the transaction consists of a separate " signal " that is sent by the user 's computer to FEMA 's site .
In order to maintain a complete record of the total order , the FEMA server sends a " cookie " back to the user 's computer solely for the purposes of identifying that user 's order .
The only information collected during this process is related to that particular publication order .
This information is not retained after the online order is sent or completed .
FEMA 's use of cookie technology is not otherwise designed , intended or used to collect , store or analyze information pertaining to Internet users .
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) has enabled Google Analytics on FEMA 's Website ( s ) .
Google Analytics is a tool that helps the Department gather feedback using non-identifiable aggregated data such as number of unique visitors to a page and the navigation the visitor took to get to a specific piece of content .
The Department will use this data to make modifications to the website to improve the user experience and monitor the traffic on the website .
In order to use this tool , Google sets a cookie on your machine or device .
While this cookie is set automatically , you may chose not to have the cookie placed on your machine or device without any modifications to the appearance or functionality of the website by following the instructions below .
You may also delete the cookie at any time through the options tab on your browser also outlined below .
The cookie monitors your navigation through the website and records : 1 ) what content was viewed ; 2 ) how you arrived at the specific content ; 3 ) your ISP provider including the ISP provider 's geographic information ; 4 ) the time spent viewing a specific piece of content ; 5 ) the time spent on the entire website ; 6 ) the path taken to access the website ; and 7 ) the connection speed of the session .
Google Analytics does not tell the Department who you are or allow the Department to determine your identity nor does the cookie monitor or record your web usage after you leave the Department 's website ( s ) .
The data is automatically sent from the cookie on your machine or device to Google 's system which immediately aggregates the data .
Neither the Department nor Google will ever have access to the specifics of your particular session .
What the Department will see is the aggregate data from all users for a particular time period .
The Department is gathering this information for internal purposes and has chosen to not share the aggregate data with Google .
We may use the aggregated data to share with our partners and contractors to help improve the user experience .
The Department will retain the aggregated data as long as required per our records retention policy .
The Department has taken great efforts to protect your privacy .
The DHS Privacy Office has conducted a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) specifically on how the use of Google Analytics impacts the privacy of visitors to the Department 's website ( s ) .
Please visit the Privacy Office 's website to view the PIA at DHS.gov .
To opt out of having the cookie installed on your machine or device , you may need to adjust your internet browser 's cookie settings .
If you use multiple browsers on your machine or device , you will need to complete this process for each browser used .
Please visit USA.gov for instructions for common browsers .
If you have any questions about our use of Google Analytics please contact the DHS Office of Public Affairs .
AddThis is a URL-based social bookmarking tool that allows users to share links of FEMA websites on various social media sites .
While FEMA 's implementation of AddThis does not use cookies , AddThis does collect non-personally identifiable information about browser type , operating system , and selected social media platform , which is provided as aggregate data to FEMA .
AddThis does not store any personal information about you , such as your social media account log in information .
For more information , please see the AddThis privacy policy .
Please also note that use of AddThis will navigate you away from FEMA.gov .
Once you leave FEMA.gov , the privacy policy of the destination website will apply .
Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features , to use the system for other than intended purposes , to deny service to authorized users , to access , obtain , alter , damage , or destroy information , or otherwise to interfere with the system or its operation is prohibited .
Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 ( Pub.
L. 104-294 ) , ( 18 U.S.C. 1030 ) , or other applicable criminal laws .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor host and network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. "  
FEMA has been engaging in Web 2.0 tools and on social media sites nationwide as part of its mission to prepare the nation for disasters .
FEMA is not collecting or retaining any privacy information from our use of third party Web 2.0 application .
We are however , retaining a copy of all comments posted to our sites as required by our records retention policy and will only be releasing them when required by federal law .
We ask that you do not provide any personally identifiable information such as : a FEMA case number , social security number , or any other information you do not want available to the general public in your comments to FEMA when using these applications .
FEMA will attempt to remove any personally identifiable information from these sites , but may not be able to do so until after it has been made publically available .
If you choose to post personally identifiable information on any public site you do so at your own risk .
FEMA disclaims any liability for any loss or damage resulting from any comments posted on these applications .
The privacy policies of all third party sites apply in the collection and dissemination of user data .
FEMA encourages all users to read the privacy policies before registering or posting to any application .
If you have any comments that you wish to share with FEMA involving personally identifiable information please contact the appropriate FEMA program .
All FEMA text messages are sent from our dedicated number , which is 43362 ( 4FEMA ) .
We will never charge you for text message alerts , but carrier message and data rates may apply .
Your carrier may collect additional data elements , please see their privacy policies for further details .
We will not use your phone number to track , reverse look up , or for any type of commercial marketing .
Visit our text message page for basic commands and how to get started .
By downloading the FEMA App , the user agrees to the following terms : FEMA will make all reasonable attempts to keep this App bug free and up to date .
However , this App and all information , content , and materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App are provided by FEMA on an " as is " and " as available " basis .
FEMA makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied , as to the operation of this site or the information , content , or materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App .
You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your own risk .
To the full extent permissible , by applicable Federal law , FEMA disclaim all warranties , express or implied , including , but not limited to , implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
FEMA does not warrant that this App , information , content , or materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App are free of viruses or other harmful components .
FEMA will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this App from any information , content , or materials , included on or otherwise made available to you through this App , including , but not limited to direct , indirect , incidental , punitive , and consequential damages .
FEMA does not see , collect , or store any data you enter into the App .
Any and all information you enter into the App is stored on your device and not on FEMA 's website or server .
As such , FEMA is not responsible for any damages resulting from the loss or theft of that information .
The App only transmits photos/texts uploaded by the user , along with geospatial coordinates ; the App does not transmit any personal information ( i.e. , phone number , user 's name ) associated with your device .
FEMA does use Bing Maps ( FEMA does not endorse any non-Federal government entities or products ) on this App .
While Microsoft has advised FEMA that they do not collect any personal information , they do collect the number of times a map is accessed via the mapping feature on the FEMA App , This information is not shared with FEMA .
FEMA is not responsible for any information collected by Microsoft .
While FEMA does not charge for the use of this App normal carrier data fees may apply .
Please consult your carrier to discuss any charges related to the use of this App .
FEMA is a Federal Government entity and as such does not endorse any non-Federal US Government entities .
You may not use this App or any of the information in this App to imply that FEMA endorse you or your organization .
This App should not be used to contact FEMA during an emergency .
If you are in need of emergency assistance please contact 9-1-1 .
If you need to register for FEMA assistance please visit the FEMA mobile site at m.fema.gov .
Last Updated : 07/29/2013 - 17 : 20
