This information is collected for a number of reasons , for example , to help develop the website and associated services .
The cookies we use identify you merely as a number .
If you are uncomfortable about the use of cookies , you can disable them by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your internet browser .
However , disabling cookies may affect our ability to provide services to you ; if certain cookies are disabled you may not be able to access the service .
See our Cookies policy for more information on the cookies we use .
We also collect information when you give it to us .
For example , you may register to use the message-posting facility called ' Patient feedback ' .
When we collect this type of information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used .
It is completely up to you whether you provide it , but not providing information may affect our ability to provide services to you .
The social media bookmarking sites that NHS Choices links to are third-party sites and NHS Choices does control the way these sites use your information .
If you choose to access these sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you that may be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
You should read their privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any information that is collected by these services when you use them .
Videos from NHS Choices - whether viewed on the website , in emails or embedded in third-party sites - are supplied ( streamed ) to users by a third-party company , Brightcove .
A product called TubeMogul is used by Brightcove to compile statistics for NHS Choices , such as what videos have been watched and when ; it uses an anonymous tracking cookie and stores no personal data .
For more information , see the Brightcove privacy policy and the TubeMogul privacy policy .
Use of NHS Choices tools on third-party sites will be tracked .
No personal data is collected by the tools .
Information gathered by NHS Choices includes the user 's IP address , the web page a tool is accessed from , and how many times it is accessed .
In some cases , tracking is used to show user journeys through a tool .
This information is the sole property of NHS Choices and will not be shared with third parties .
All NHS Choices tools store the number of times a user has visited the tool .
Some tools also store state ' information so that when a user returns to a tool it is in the state ' they left it in .
Information submitted as a part of NHS Choices content held on Twitter and Facebook will be subject to their privacy policies .
For more information , see the Twitter privacy policy and the Facebook privacy policy We will hold the information for as long as we are providing you services .
If you do not access the services provided by NHS Choices , for instance , open or click through one of the emails for more than a year , we will send you an email asking you to confirm that you wish to continue receiving NHS Choices emails .
If you do not respond to this email within one month we will unsubscribe you .
We will remove all personal information we hold relating to you , which you registered with us , within six months of you unsubscribing from NHS Choices .
We hold this information for a further six months following unsubscription , as we may need to use it for statistical analysis or if you choose to resubscribe .
Be assured that if you unsubscribe you will not receive further information from us .
As a government department , we do not share data with other organisations unless the law permits us to do so .
We do not sell individuals ' information .
We will share it only with our authorised Data Processors , who must act at all times on our instructions as the Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Before you submit any information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is up to you whether you provide it .
You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and , if we do , to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate .
You can do this by contacting the Data Protection Officer , Department of Health , Skipton House , 80 London Road , London , SE1 6LH .
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on our service .
The open nature of the internet means that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended .
Our intention is that this should not happen and we take measures to ensure that it does not .
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents
The Information
We Collect
How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies
Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting
Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact
Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information
For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand
Canada Privacy Information
This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada .
Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice .
Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information .
We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services .
For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines .
At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number .
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information .
back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest .
We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request .
They may contact you with special offers of possible interest .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account .
If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us .
You hereby consent to this .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request .
Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc .
We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf .
Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit .
To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person .
Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data .
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses .
back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  
As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here .
To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information .
You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information .
Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties .
By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties .
Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information .
Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements .
This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) .
For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page .
To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device .
Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services .
Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information .
We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered .
If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions .
Local Shared Objects :
Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device .
Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way .
Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings .
For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html .
HTML 5 :
HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities .
This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users .
Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past .
Web Beacons :
Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses .
A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above .
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf .
These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information .
We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content .
back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect .
No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen .
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates .
We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records .
By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) .
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information .
Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction :
( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity .
Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements .
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws .
Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity .
Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above .
The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children .
For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested .
This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc .
The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc .
Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 .
Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1 , 2013 Introduction Collection of Information Use and Disclosure Security User Access and Control Other Important Information Contact Us Fox News Network , LLC
( " Fox News " or " we " ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , and widgets ( collectively , the " Fox News Services " ) .
By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Information from Social Media .
If you access or log-in to a Fox News Service through a social media service or connect a Fox News Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Fox News Services through social media services or when you connect a Fox News Service to social media services , you are authorizing Fox News to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Activity Information .
When you access and interact with the Fox News Services , we may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier .
Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
If Fox News wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Fox News provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent .
Third parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Fox News does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Fox News Services .
Information from Other Sources .
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services .
Fox News may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Fox News Services .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Fox News Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Fox News Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Fox News Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Fox News Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Fox News Services .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
Fox News and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service .
As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices .
To opt out of this type of advertising from Outbrain Inc , visit Outbrain 's website at http : //www.outbrain.com/privacy .
To contact you .
Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our Fox News Affiliates .
Fox News may share your information with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
Users who visit Affiliated Companies ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
Fox News may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of Fox News and others .
There may be instances when Fox News may disclose your information , including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Fox News , our Fox News Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Fox News may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us as outlined in Section 7 .
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes .
You may opt-out from :  Receiving electronic communications from us :
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email .
Cancelling your account .
To cancel your account , email mailto : deleteaccount @ foxnews.com , subject , " Delete My Account " and include the email address that you registered your account with ( if different from the email address you 're sending the email from ) .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
Location of Data .
The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
Linked Services .
The Fox News Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
Data Retention .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
Sensitive Information .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Fox News Services or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : ldepartment @
foxnews.com
Mail :
Fox News Network , LLC 1211
Avenue of the Americas , 15th Floor New York ,
NY 10036 Attention : Legal Department
The WebMD Health Professional Network Privacy Policy
This policy describes what information may be collected about you when you use the services made available through the WebMD Health Professional Network ( as defined below ) , how this information may be used , how you can control how your information is used and what precautions are taken against unauthorized access or use of your information .
The services made available through the WebMD Health Professional Network may be provided in a variety of mediums and devices now known or hereinafter developed including mobile applications , and include without limitation news , reference tools and applications , sponsored programming , personalized content , continuing medical education , communication tools and discussion boards ( collectively , the " Services " ) .
You should read the privacy policy of each website that you visit after you leave any of the WebMD Health Professional Network websites .
We are not responsible for how other websites treat your privacy once you leave one of our websites .
The WebMD Health Professional Network is comprised of several websites : medscape.com , medscape.org and theheart.org ( referred to collectively as the " Professional Sites " ) , including any mobile optimized versions of the Professional Sites and the Medscape Mobile Device Application ( " Medscape Mobile " ) .
These properties are owned and operated by our affiliated companies .
For example , WebMD LLC owns and operates medscape.com and Medscape Mobile , and Medscape , LLC owns and operates medscape.org and theheart.org .
References to " WebMD " in this Privacy Policy mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD controls ( for example a subsidiary that it owns ) and references to
" Medscape " mean Medscape , LLC , including any company that Medscape controls .
We refer to the Professional Sites that WebMD operates as the " WebMD Sites " and the Professional Sites that Medscape operates as the " Medscape Sites. "  
Reference to " we " or " our " means WebMD and Medscape .
We may share information among the subsidiaries of WebMD Health Corp. ( our parent company ) and the respective Professional Sites that we each own or control , but it is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
You can visit our corporate site at www.wbmd.com to learn more about WebMD and Medscape , obtain investor information , and obtain contact information .
As this Privacy Policy changes in significant ways , we will take steps to inform you of the changes .
Minor changes to this Privacy Policy may occur that will not significantly affect the ways in which we each use your personally identifiable information .
In these instances , we may not inform you of such minor changes .
When this Privacy Policy changes in a way that significantly affects the way we handle personal information , we will not apply the new Policy to information we have previously collected from you without giving you a choice as to whether or not we can apply the new Policy to your information going forward .
In this section of our Privacy Policy , we discuss the different types of information that we may collect about you , and the ways in which such information may be collected .
You must register to access all of the Services , however , you may be able to access certain limited areas of the Services without disclosing any personally identifiable information .
We collect non-personally identifiable information ( i.e. , information that is not traced back to any individual and is not used on its own to identify an individual ) about your use of the Services through the use of cookies , even if you have not registered , including the referring website , if applicable , the type of browser you use , and the time and date that you accessed the Services .
The section of this Privacy Policy entitled " Cookies and Web Beacons , " below , further describes how we use cookies and how you can limit our use of cookies .
When you register for the Services , you are asked to provide identifying information such as your name , e-mail address , zip code , and other professional information ( e.g. , specialty ) .
You will also be given a choice about whether or not you want to receive newsletters and other information sent to registered users from time to time .
If you are required to provide additional personally identifiable information to access a particular component of the Services , or if we would like to use personally identifiable information that you have previously provided in a manner not otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy , we will explain how we intend to use such personally identifiable information at the time of collection and will require your consent at that time to any such collection and use .
When you participate in a Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) or a Continuing Education ( CE ) activity through the Services , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and mailing address .
In addition to personally identifiable information , aggregated non-personally identifiable information about the activities undertaken by CME/CE participants is recorded .
Information that you provide in connection with your participation in CME/CE activities , either when registering or requesting credit , may be used in several ways :  Medscape is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education ( ACCME ) the American Nurses Credentialing Center , and the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education to provide continuing education to physicians , nurses and pharmacists , respectively .
As an accredited entity , Medscape is required to periodically submit aggregated data about CME/CE participants and the CME/ CE activities that Medscape certifies .
Medscape also provides personally identifiable information to other accredited CME/CE providers who certify CME/CE activities offered through the Services , as necessary for their fulfillment of their reporting obligations to the ACCME and other accrediting bodies .
These reports may include personally identifiable information about you and credits issued to you , for the purpose of maintaining records that you can request from the accredited provider for up to six ( 6 ) years ; and Supporters of CME/CE activities will receive only aggregated data about CME/CE activities that they support .
The Medscape editorial staff has access to files containing personally identifiable information , including evaluation forms and aggregated CME /CE participant information .
These files can be accessed in order to respond to your questions or comments .
Medscape may also use personally identifiable information , including registration information and evaluation data , in assessing educational needs and evaluating its education activities .
We may collect additional information about registered users from third party sources to assist us in providing the Services .
For example , we use such information to verify and update registration information and confirm licensure status .
Discussion Boards : When you post a message to a discussion board , your basic profile will be available for all registered users to see .
This basic profile consists of your name , specialty and geographic information .
You may , at your option , choose to display additional information in your profile .
You should not post any information about you or any other person ( including any patient ) to a discussion board or other public forum if you want to keep such information private or you are required by law to keep such information private .
Information you post to discussion boards is considered public information and may be used by us and third parties , as further described in the WebMD Health Professional Network Terms of Use .
Tools :
Clinical tools may be available through the Services .
These tools may require you to provide information for the tools to operate .
These tools may store information that you provide on our servers .
Additional Forms and Emails : We may also ask you to provide additional information after you register if you want to obtain additional services or information or to resolve complaints or concerns .
Market Research :
From time to time , you may be invited to participate in a sponsored or unsponsored market research survey through an email invitation , on-site pop-up or some other means .
The survey may be administered by one of our companies or a third party market research company .
When participating in such a survey , in addition to providing your responses to the survey questions you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information that may be combined with information that you have already provided at registration or that we have received from third party sources , as described in this Privacy Policy .
The section of this Privacy Policy entitled " Uses and Disclosures
We Make of Your Information , " below , describes how we use and disclose information about your participation in market research surveys offered through the Services .
We collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Services through the use of cookies .
A cookie is a small data file that your browser allows us to place on your hard drive so we can associate you with the device you are using .
We may assign cookies to devices that accesses the Services to :
( i ) track usage across the Professional Sites and Services ;
( ii ) help us dynamically generate advertising and content to users of the Services ; and ( iii ) assess which Professional Site pages and Services you access .
If you are a registered user of the WebMD Health Professional Network , we may elect to associate your registration information with our cookies .
Associating a cookie with your registration data allows us to provide more customized content , including advertisements , and enhance personalization and functionality of the Services .
As discussed below , when you download and install Medscape Mobile onto your mobile device , we assign a random number to your installation , and that random number is used in a manner similar to our use of cookies .
Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , websites that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website , and some website functionality may be lost .
The Help section of your browser will tell you about your options for managing your cookies .
We may use web beacons and cookies to serve you targeted advertisements when you visit other websites owned and operated by WebMD .
We may also use web beacons to track who has opened our emails .
Web beacons are tiny graphic image files , embedded in a website page that notify the home server ( which can belong to the host website , a network advertiser , or some other third party ) on a non-personally identifiable basis that some interaction has taken place .
This notice may also result in a cookie being set on your device , as described above .
WebMD contracts with third parties whose web beacons may be placed on the WebMD Sites to assist WebMD in targeting its advertising that is served to you on websites that are not owned and operated by WebMD .
These web beacons place cookies on your browser in order to enable these third parties to collect non-personally identifiable information about you .
These third parties have agreed not to use any non-personally identifiable information that they may collect through their use of these cookies except to deliver advertisements on our behalf .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , this non-personally identifiable information will not be sent to these third parties .
Also , in connection with its sale of advertising , WebMD may allow a third party to place a cookie on your browser to enable advertisers to recognize your browser on a non-personally identifiable basis in order to deliver an advertisement to you when you visit a WebMD Site .
These advertisers are not permitted to collect any information based on your visits to a WebMD Site .
Sponsors or advertisers that market to you through our Services may use their own cookies , web beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served to you .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve these ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies or web beacons .
We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or web beacons , or how they manage the non-personally identifiable information they gather through them .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who we authorize to collect cookie or web beacon information through the Services to agree that they will not collect any personally identifiable information about you from your use of the Services through these means .
Further , they have agreed that they will not link any non-personal cookie or web beacon information that they collect from your use of the Services to personally identifiable information that they or others collect in other ways or from other websites except as may be described in connection with a particular program or except as you may have agreed with the third party placing the cookie or web beacon .
Certain Ad Servers and third party firms that facilitate the serving of advertisements based on your browsing activities on the Internet allow you to prevent them from collecting data or serving advertisements through the use of their cookies .
In order to do so , you must opt-out of such data collection with each individual website .
Currently , you can opt-out of Cookies for several Ad Servers and marketing analytics firms by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out website .
This website will also allow you to review the privacy policies of these Ad Servers and marketing analytics firms .
The websites on the WebMD Health Professional Network do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
When you download and install Medscape Mobile onto your mobile device , we assign a random number to your installation .
We can not use this number to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of Medscape Mobile .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of Medscape Mobile itself and not a browser , because Medscape Mobile does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through your device settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for purposes similar to the purposes for which we use cookies , as described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Medscape Mobile .
Also , if you do become a registered user of Medscape Mobile , we will use your registration information as described in this Privacy Policy to provide the Services to you through Medscape Mobile .
We do not obtain any information about your mobile device ( through the random number , your registration information or otherwise ) other than its brand , make and model and the type of operating software that it uses .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The Professional Sites and Services are designed and intended for use by adults , and are not intended for , nor designed to be used by children under the age of 18 .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know is under the age of 18 .
In this section of our Privacy Policy , we identify the ways we may use information about you that we have collected .
In general , the personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with the Services will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized .
We create aggregate data about users of our Services for product development and improvement activities .
We also use it for market analysis .
We may provide information about users of our Services in aggregate form to third parties .
For example , WebMD may tell a client what percentage of registered users of the WebMD Health Professional Network reside in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area , or what percentage of participants in a market research survey selected a particular response to a survey question .
When aggregated information is provided to a third party , it is pooled with many individual records and stripped of any data that could be used to identify an individual .
Any third party that receives aggregated information must agree not to attempt to re-identify the people it belongs to .
Depending on our agreement with the third party , we may or may not charge for this information .
WebMD may target its advertising and marketing ( e.g. , through e-mail and on-site communications ) based on information that you provide when you register for the Services and information that it receives from third party sources .
For example , a user that WebMD knows is a cardiologist may be served cardiology-related advertisements on both WebMD-owned and third party websites that a neurologist will not see , or a user that WebMD knows is a healthcare professional who treats diabetes may be served advertisements for new diabetes therapies that other users would not see ( although in neither case will the advertiser have access to any personally identifiable information about you ) .
WebMD serves these ads through the use of cookies and web beacons , as described above .
Additionally , WebMD may geographically target its advertising to registered and unregistered users based on IP address .
WebMD may also personalize the Services and the advertising that registered users see on the WebMD Sites based on their interests .
For example , you may see different articles and advertisements in different places on medscape.com based on information you have shared with WebMD such as your specialty , information that WebMD has obtained by observing your previous activity within the WebMD Professional Network , or information that WebMD has received from third party sources , as described in this Privacy Policy .
In addition to aggregate information ( discussed previously ) , we each may each share some kinds of personally identifiable information with third parties as described below .
Other Companies : We have strategic relationships with other companies who offer products and services through the Services .
When you are interacting with one of these companies , a different privacy policy may apply and will be presented to you at such time .
Companies and People
Who Work for Us :
We each contract with other companies and individuals to help us provide our respective services .
For example , we may host some of our Professional Sites on another company 's computers , hire technical consultants to maintain any Web-based clinical tools , work with companies to remove repetitive information from customer lists , analyze data , provide marketing assistance ( including assisting us in targeting our advertisements as described herein ) , or provide customer service or fulfillment services .
In addition , if you are a healthcare professional , we may request that a third party validate your licensure status and other information against available databases of healthcare professionals .
In order to provide these services , these other companies may have limited access to some of the personally identifiable information we maintain about users of our Services .
We require all such companies to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy , to limit their access to any personal information to the minimum necessary to perform their obligations , and not to use the information they may access for purposes other than fulfilling their responsibilities to us .
Market Research :
From time to time , we may invite you to participate in sponsored or unsponsored market research surveys as further described above .
We may provide aggregate information from the survey results to third parties including the survey sponsor , if applicable .
If you receive remuneration for participating in a sponsored survey , we may be required to provide the sponsor with personally identifiable information about you for its recordkeeping and regulatory reporting purposes .
We will not provide any sponsor with your survey responses on an identifiable basis unless we obtain your consent prior to your participation in the survey .
If you participate in a survey administered by a third party market research company , this company may identify you when you participate in the survey .
We require these companies to agree that they will not provide the survey sponsor with personally identifiable information about you based on your participation in the survey , nor will they market to you based on such participation .
Sponsored Programs : When you use WebMD 's Services through a WebMD Site , newsletter , Medscape Mobile or other means , you may be presented with advertisements and opportunities to engage in industry-sponsored informational programs consisting of sponsor-selected materials ( " Sponsored Programs " ) .
All advertisements and Sponsored Programs ( including any links to Sponsored Programs ) will be identified to you by the label Advertisement , Information from Industry , Sponsored , WebMD Professional or some similar designation indicating that the content has been selected by a third-party sponsor .
Examples of Sponsored Programs include information resources featuring branded or unbranded commercial content , interactive programs that provide information about medical conditions , treatments and products , multi-media presentations including video featuring a key opinion leader and safety and regulatory information resources .
We may make Sponsored Programs available to you through email or on-site media units , all of which will be identified as described above .
When you choose to engage in a Sponsored Program , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information ( e.g. , postal address , telephone number , e-mail address , etc. )  which may be used to supplement information about you that we have already received during member registration .
In addition , we may collect information in connection with a transaction that you have requested ( e.g. , sample request , sales rep visit , etc. ) , responses to Sponsored Program questions , and/or gift requests and issuance .
Even if you do not provide us with personally identifiable information , we collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of Sponsored Programs through cookies and web beacons , as described above .
The personally identifiable information that you provide when you engage in a Sponsored Program will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized , respond to your questions , provide you the specific services you select and to send you emails about new programs and selected information from our sponsors as it relates to your specialty or area of clinical practice .
You may also receive invitations to engage in other Sponsored Programs from the same sponsor .
When you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services , whether on a WebMD Site or Medscape Mobile , in a newsletter or through some other means , and when you engage in a Sponsored Program , e.g. , access a sponsored information resource or open a Sponsored Program e-mail from WebMD Professional , WebMD may identify you by name to the sponsor of the advertisement or Sponsored Program and/or its agents on the sponsor 's behalf , as well as to potential sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs that may be provided to you through the Services .
We may also provide such third parties with your specialty and country where you reside , based on your registration profile .
We will not provide these third parties with your personal contact information such as email or postal address .
We are not responsible for how these third parties use your information and manage your privacy .
Further , we may use non-personally identifiable information for research purposes , and we may provide this information in the aggregate to third parties .
For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of a Sponsored Program and the activities they conduct while engaged in the Program .
Business Transfers :
If one of us transfers a business unit ( such as a subsidiary ) or an asset ( such as a website ) to another company , that company will be required to honor the applicable terms of this Privacy Policy .
Legal Requirements : We may release account and other personally identifiable information when we believe release ( 1 ) is required to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) is reasonable in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party , we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law , court order or government instruction .
Consent :
We may release personally identifiable information to a third party in accordance with your consent , subject to the purposes and limits that we disclose when we request your consent .
For example , when you choose to participate in a Sponsored Program , we may provide certain personally identifiable information to the sponsor of such program and to potential sponsors of programs , as further described above .
If we discover that a third party inadvertently disclosed personally identifiable information about any of our users , we will take immediate action to prevent further occurrences .
In this section of our Privacy Policy , we discuss the security measures we take to protect information that we have collected about you .
We have implemented technology and security policies , rules and other measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access , improper use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction , and accidental loss .
We also protect your information by requiring that all our employees and others who have access to or are associated with the processing of your data respect your confidentiality .
We use security methods to determine the identity of registered users , so that appropriate rights and restrictions can be enforced for that user .
Reliable verification of user identity is called authentication .
We use both passwords and usernames to authenticate users .
Users are responsible for maintaining their own passwords .
Employees are required to keep your information private , as a condition of their employment with us .
Only selected , authorized employees are permitted to access health information .
All employees and contractors must abide by our Privacy Policy , and those who violate that policy are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination of their employment and legal action .
In this section of this Privacy Policy , we tell you how to obtain and correct information we have about you , and how to choose what types of information you may share with us .
Correction of Information
We Have
About You
If you believe that there are errors in the registration information associated with your account , you may edit your personal profile any time that you like .
You can directly edit your user profile on the Professional Site on which you initially registered .
Requests for deletion of your record may result in your removal from the registry , but we may keep certain demographic information about you for product improvement purposes .
You may contact Customer Support and ask for the changes that you would like to make .
Use of your Information Outside of the EEA WebMD and Medscape are located in the United States .
We will collect , store , and process information about your use of the Services in countries outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) as necessary for our legitimate business purposes .
By using the Services , you consent to such collection , storage and processing outside of the EEA .
We will take reasonable steps to ensure your information is adequately protected .
Privacy Questions or Concerns
For privacy questions or concerns about one of our Web sites or Services , please contact MedscapePrivacy @ webmd.net .
Terms of Use Our terms of use agreements can be found here .
Effective date : December 20 , 2013 Privacy policy
Your privacy on the Internet is of utmost importance to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
This privacy statement describes WHO 's policy concerning the gathering and sharing of visitors ' information through the WHO web site .
It applies to all WHO sites that is , all sites within the who.int domain name .
Normal web site usage
In general , you can browse the WHO site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
The only information we gather during general browsing is from standard server logs .
These include your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , domain name , browser type , operating system , and information such as the web site that referred you to us , the files you download , the pages you visit , and the dates/times of those visits .
Collection of personally identifiable information If you register for a newsletter , log on to certain WHO sites , order a book , request information , provide feedback , apply for a job , join a discussion group or join an electronic mailing list , you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name , postal address and e-mail address .
This information is collected only with your knowledge and permission , and is kept in various WHO databases and mailing lists .
If you are purchasing something using the web , you may be asked to provide your credit card details .
These details are transferred to a secure , online payment service , hosted outside WHO .
Credit card information is not retained by WHO .
WHO sites with specific requirements to collect personal information may publish a privacy policy specific for that site .
In these cases , the site-specific policies will be complementary to this general WHO privacy policy , but will give additional details for that particular site .
For certain WHO sites , registering or supplying personal information sets a cookie * .
By setting this cookie , WHO will remember your details the next time you visit , so you do n't have to re-enter the information .
This helps us to provide you with a better service .
Joining electronic discussion groups may mean that other participants of the discussion group ( including non-WHO employees ) will see personal information that you have volunteered .
For open discussion groups , this information will be public .
Normal web site usage
The information gathered during general browsing of the who.int domain is used to analyse trends and usage of the WHO site and to improve the usefulness of the site .
It is not connected with any personal information .
Personally identifiable information WHO may use the personal information you provide to :  Contact you either in response to a query or suggestion , or to mail newsletters , documents , publications etc.
to you ; Manage and process your job application ; Confirm your purchases and registrations on the site ; Obtain payment for purchases through the site ( via credit card ) ; Remember your online profile and preferences ; Help you quickly find information that is relevant to you based on your interests , and help us create site content most relevant to you ; Statistical analysis .
Providing personal information on the WHO site is optional .
If you choose not to provide personal information , you can still browse and use the WHO site , but you will not be able to carry out certain actions such as purchase items , register for a newsletter or apply for a job .
At any time , you can cancel or modify your information by returning to the web page where you first provided the information and contacting the focal point for that page/WHO department .
Where contact details are not provided on the page , you can contact internet @
who.int for further information .
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the WHO site to any third party .
Any information provided to WHO by users of the WHO site is held with the utmost care and security , and will not be used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy , or in any site-specific policies , or in ways to which you have explicitly consented .
WHO employs a range of technologies and security measures to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss , misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
All our employees who have access to , and are associated with the processing of personal data , are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters , including personal data .
The WHO site contains links to sites external to the who.int domain .
WHO is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites .
Changes to this privacy policy will be posted on the WHO home page at www.who.int
For questions or queries regarding this privacy policy , please contact us at internet @
who.int * Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser .
It is normally used to assign a unique identification to your computer and securely store information such as user IDs , passwords , preferences , and online profiles .
It is stored on the hard drive of your computer .
You can choose not to have cookies delivered by WHO sites by changing your browser settings .
Different web sites can send their own cookies to your computer .
To protect your privacy , your browser only allows a web site to access the cookies it has already sent you , not the cookies sent by other sites .
You can choose not to have cookies delivered by WHO sites by changing your browser settings .
Different web sites can send their own cookies to your computer .
To protect your privacy , your browser only allows a web site to access the cookies it has already sent you , not the cookies sent by other sites .
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy and the security of your personal information are very important to us .
We want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our Website and using our Online Products .
We are dedicated to protecting the privacy of those who visit our Website and use our Online Products .
This Privacy Policy governs our United States weightwatchers.com websites ( collectively our " Website " ) and our Online Products , and explains how we collect your personal information on our Website or through the Online Products , how we protect such information , and the choices you have concerning the use of such information .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
Except as WeightWatchers.com , Inc. and Weight Watchers International , Inc. ( collectively , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) disclose in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell , share , license , trade , or rent your personal information to others .
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone .
Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis .
By using our Website or any of our products , offerings , features , tools or resources that we provide on our Website ( collectively , our " Online Products " ) , including our products or offerings for personal digital assistants or other handheld or mobile devices ( collectively , our Handheld Products ) , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Please remember that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Website or through our Online Products .
We are not responsible for the privacy of any information you reveal or post in any public forum ( e.g. , message board , blog , personal page , etc. )  
or through the " Public Profile " feature available on our Website , or for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties .
TRUSTe Click to verifyWeight
Watchers.com , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ weightwatchers.com .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by visiting this page
WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT
YOU IS COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE
OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS ?
WHERE AND WHEN IS INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE
OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS (
INCLUDING THROUGH THE USE OF COOKIES AND ACTION
TAGS ) ?
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE ?
WHAT DO WE DO WITH
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ?
WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES ?
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY WHEN YOU LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES ?
IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT SECURE ?
WHAT
CHOICES
DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION , DISCLOSURE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ?
CAN YOU UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ?
HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY ?
WHOM
DO
YOU CONTACT
IF YOU HAVE ANY PRIVACY QUESTIONS ?
We collect two types of information : personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information .
Personally Identifiable Information .
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you ( " Personally Identifiable Information " ) .
Such Personally Identifiable Information may include your name , address , email address , telephone number , birth date ( primarily for eligibility purposes ) and billing and payment information .
We may request Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register on our Website , subscribe to our Online Products , or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time .
In all of these cases , we will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us .
Unless you give us permission to do so , we will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy .
You do not have to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information to visit our Website .
However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections of our Website or use all of our Online Products , such as subscribing to our online weight-loss tools or posting content to any Community Area on our Website .
A " Community Area " means any blog , personal page , group page , chat room , message board , bulletin board , recipe swap , or similar activity .
In addition , we may not be able to provide you with some of the other Online Products dependent upon the collection of such information , such as a personalized WeightWatchers.com home page .
Non-
Personally Identifiable Information .
When you become a registered user of our Website , subscribe to one of our current Online Products , or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time , we also may collect information that by itself can not be used to identify or contact you , such as demographic information ( like age , profession or gender ) and health information ( like current weight ) ( " Non-Personally Identifiable Information " ) .
Non-
Personally Identifiable Information may also include user IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website . Non-
Personally Identifiable Information is used to help us understand who uses our Website and to improve and market our Website in general and our Online Products in particular .
Information from Other Sources .
We may also supplement the information we collect with information from other sources to assist us in evaluating and improving our Website and Online Products , to determine your preferences so that we can tailor our Website and Online Products to your needs , and/or to study nutritional , weight-loss , behavioral and fitness questions in general .
We may collect information ( including information that is Personally Identifiable Information ) from you in different manners and at different places and times on our Website , such as when you register for our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products .
We also may collect information from you in connection with , or through , other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time .
The following is a description of the areas and/or manners in which we primarily collect information about you .
Becoming a Registered User and Subscription .
In order to access certain Online Products on our Website , such as our Community Areas , weight-loss tools and food database , you must first complete certain steps to become either a registered user or a subscriber .
During these steps , you may be required to provide us with information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) such as name , zip code and email address , and , if you subscribe to one of our Online Products , payment and billing information .
This information is used to help us understand who uses our Website , to improve our Website and our Online Products , to contact users about requested Online Products and/or for subscription billing purposes .
It is optional for you to provide demographic information ( such as profession and number of children ) , but providing this information is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our Website .
Cookies and Action Tags .
We also collect Non-
Personally Identifiable Information passively using " cookies " and " action tags. "  
" Cookies " are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device in order to identify ( i ) your Web browser , ( ii ) the activities of your computer on our Website and ( iii ) your activity in connection with our advertisements and other marketing and promotional efforts .
Cookies may be used to : personalize your experience on our Website ( e.g. , to dynamically generate content on webpages specifically designed for you ) , assist you in using our Online Products ( e.g. , to save you time by not having to reenter your name upon each visit to our Website ) , and allow us to statistically monitor how you are using our Website for purposes of improving our online offerings .
We also may use cookies to conduct marketing and promotional efforts , tailor certain advertisements to your browser that we think may be of interest to you , or to determine the popularity of certain content .
We may link the information stored in cookies to Personally Identifiable Information you provide us , and to personalize your Website experience we may store Personally Identifiable Information you provide us in an encrypted form in temporary or session cookies , which are erased when you close your browser .
In addition to cookies that we place on your computer , cookies may also be placed on your computer by third parties that we use to display or serve advertisements or to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide advertising-related services .
For example , in the course of serving advertisements , our third-party ad servers may place or recognize a unique " cookie " on your browser .
We have selected DoubleClick Inc .
( " DoubleClick " ) ( owned by Google , Inc. )  and Razorfish , LLC , ( owned by Microsoft Corp. )  which employs Atlas DMT ( Atlas ) technology , as our third party ad servers .
Neither DoubleClick , Atlas nor their cookies collect Personally Identifiable Information on our Website , and we do not share Personally Identifiable Information with them without your permission .
DoubleClick 's privacy policy describes its data collection practices and explains the way in which you can " opt-out " of certain tracking by DoubleClick .
Atlas 's privacy policy describes its data collection practices and explains the way in which you can " opt-out " of certain tracking by Atlas .
You may also " opt-out " of certain tracking on our Website and other websites by various advertising companies through the Network Advertising Initiative .
You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website , however , you may not be able to use certain products , offerings , features , or resources of our Website ( including our Online Products ) if you do not accept cookies .
Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the " Help " section of the toolbar .
" Action tags , " also known as web beacons or GIF tags , are a web technology used to help track anonymous website usage information , such as how many times a specific page has been viewed .
Action tags are invisible to you , and any portion of our Website , including advertisements , or e-mail sent on our behalf , may contain action tags .
Unlike cookies , action tags are not placed on your computer .
For example , third-party ad servers such as DoubleClick and Atlas may track anonymous website usage through action tags on our Website and other websites .
They do this by setting a cookie ( or reading a cookie previously placed by them ) on users ' computers to track the activities of users who view a web page that contains action tags .
DoubleClick and Atlas may use information about your visits to this Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Periodically , upon our request , DoubleClick and/or Atlas may report the anonymous data that they collect on our behalf back to us for our internal use and analysis and our treatment of this anonymous data is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Similarly , we use Adobe Site Catalyst to help us track and analyze usage of our Website , using cookies and action tags .
All data collected by Adobe on our behalf is owned by us and used to better understand our users and improve our Website .
More information can be found in Adobe 's Privacy Policy .
By using cookies and action tags together , we are able to gain valuable information to improve our Website and our Online Products and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns .
We do not disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Information to our advertising partners through the use of cookies or action tags .
Finally , please note that advertisers and other third parties may also use their own cookies or action tags when you view or click on their advertisement or link to their website or service , on or from our Website .
This Privacy Policy does not govern the use by such third-party websites or providers of third-party advertising .
Social Media ( Features ) and Widgets
Our Website includes social media features , buttons and widgets provided by third party social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter ( collectively , the Features ) .
A Feature may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
This cookie may allow the social media platform to link the foregoing data with your user profile .
The Features are either hosted by the third party platform or directly on our Website .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the relevant platform .
Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider You can log in to our Website using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity .
Referral Programs .
Through third party referral program operators and others , we offer referral programs whereby referral websites can earn commissions through the referral of subscribers or other purchasers to our Website .
To track the earning of such commissions , and to determine the effectiveness of the referral programs , the users who become subscribers to our Online Products or purchasers through such referral websites are tracked using technologies that do not include Personally Identifiable Information ( such as cookies and/or action tags ) .
Our program operators and the referral websites themselves can only access non-Personally Identifiable Information such as data relating to the number of impressions served , the number of transactions completed , and their resulting earnings .
They can not access our customers ' personal data .
If you choose to apply to be a referral website , we use the data you provide strictly for conducting business with you .
We have entered into certain agreements with third party program operators for the purpose of administering our referral programs .
Should you become a referral website of ours through one of our third party program operators , any information you provide to them is subject to their privacy policies .
Online Products .
We collect information , some of which may be Personally Identifiable Information , that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to use some of our Online Products ( available either for free or on a subscription basis ) such as the " Favorites " feature , the PointsPlus Tracker tool , the " Weight Tracker " tool and the Community Areas .
We also collect information that you provide voluntarily through responses to special Online Products such as surveys , questionnaires , self-assessment quizzes , contests and the like .
Some of these Online Products may ask you for health related information .
We collect this information in order to personalize your online experience .
Handheld Products .
Information is also collected when you use our Handheld Products , including the software application needed to utilize the Handheld Products on your handheld device ( the Application ) .
During the installation of the Application and subsequent synchronizations , we collect Non-
Personally Identifiable Information concerning your device ( such as the specific type of operating system and hardware you have , and the amount of free and total memory ) and the Application 's files on your device .
Our Handheld Products also collect information about your usage of the Application ( such as the dates you last synced with the Internet or the dates you last used certain features ) .
When you sync your device with the Website , we store some of this information .
Public Forums and the Public Profile Feature .
We feature public forums such as those contained in the Community Areas where you and other users of our Website can communicate with one another .
In addition , we offer both the " Public Profile " and Account Settings features of our Website to permit you to share information about yourself ( including , if you elect , Personally Identifiable Information ) with others .
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT PROTECT YOU
WHEN YOU USE OUR PUBLIC FORUMS OR PROVIDE INFORMATION ( INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION )
ABOUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURE
OR THROUGH ANY COMMUNITY AREA
AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE .
You should be aware that any information shared in a public forum such as a message board , blog , personal page , posting , group , bulletin board or recipe swap or through our Public Profile feature is public information and may be seen or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy , although the availability of personal pages or groups identified as private may be limited to certain permitted users .
However , even information marked private may be viewed by our staff .
You should think carefully before disclosing any information in any public forum , or through the Public Profile feature , on our Website .
For example , you should not select a username that includes personal information.
To request removal of your personal information from our Community Areas , contact our Privacy Coordinator at the address indicated below .
Log Files .
We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through our Internet log files , which record data such as user IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website .
This information may be used to analyze trends , to administer the Website , to monitor our Website 's use , and to gather general demographic information .
We may link this information to Personally Identifiable Information for these and other purposes such as personalizing your experience on our Website and evaluating our Online Products in general .
Email or Refer a Friend .
Through our referral tools for informing a friend about our Website , or one of our Online Products , we will automatically send your friend a one-time email containing the information you request to be sent .
If you elect to use these referral tools , we will collect from you certain Personally Identifiable Information about your friend such as your friend 's name and email address .
We may store that information for purposes of sending the one-time email and as necessary to operate and track the success of our referral program .
We will not use your friend 's information for any other purpose .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
Our Website and Online Products are not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13 .
We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
We urge all parents or guardians to participate in their children 's exploration of the Internet , and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online .
In general , we use the information collected on our Website and through our Online Products to help us understand who uses our Website and Online Products and how they are used , to personalize your experience , to assist you in using our Online Products , to improve our Website and Online Products , and for subscription billing purposes , if applicable .
With respect to our Handheld Products , for example , we may use such information , among other things , to ensure that your handheld device is supported and that it has enough room for the Application , and to confirm which versions of the Application 's files are installed on your device .
If you become a registered user of our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products , we may use your information to send you a welcoming email that may confirm your username .
If you " opt-in " ( for example , if you check a box , or if the box is pre-checked , you do not opt out by unchecking the box )
we may send you electronic newsletters , contact you about Weight Watchers products , services , information and news that may be of interest to you , and provide you with targeted feedback .
If you no longer desire to receive these communications , we will provide you with an option to change your preferences .
In addition , if you identify yourself to us by sending us an email with questions or comments , we may use your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) to respond to your questions or comments , and we may file your questions or comments for future reference .
We may also use the information collected to contact you about important service announcements and updates regarding our Website or Online Products or , if you are a subscriber , about your billing account status .
You will not be able to opt-out of these service announcements and updates as they contain important information relevant to your use of our Website and/or our Online Products and are not promotional in nature .
( If you do not wish to receive these service announcements , you may cancel your account with us and delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below. )  
In addition , we may use your information to contact you about Weight Watchers products , services , information and news that may be of interest to you by postal mail if you become a registered user of our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products after April 23 , 2004
and/or by phone if you become a subscriber to one of our Online Products after October 25 , 2012 , unless you notify us that you no longer desire to receive these communications .
We may also use the information gathered on our Website and through our Online Products to perform statistical analysis of user behavior , to analyze and evaluate issues relating to nutrition , weight-loss , behavior and fitness , or to evaluate and improve our Online Products .
We may link some of this information to Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only or to assist you in your personal weight-loss efforts .
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Website .
Affiliates We may disclose information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) about you to our Affiliates .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Affiliate " means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls , is controlled by or is under common control with WeightWatchers.com , Inc. or Weight Watchers International , Inc. , whether by ownership or otherwise .
Any information relating to you that we provide to our Affiliates will be treated by those Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) with franchisees of Weight Watchers International , Inc. , but only where we indicate to you at time of information collection that such information will be provided to a franchisee , or if we otherwise obtain your permission .
Laws and Legal Rights .
We may also disclose your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute , regulation , rule or law , a subpoena , a search warrant , a court or regulatory order , or other valid legal process .
We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions , or our Subscription Agreement or to protect the safety and/or security of our users , our Website or the general public .
Third Parties Generally .
We may provide to third parties information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted , including where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our Website .
For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Website , the demographic breakdown of the registered users of our Website , or the activities that visitors to our Website engage in while on our Website .
The third parties to which we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers , providers of advertising services ( including website tracking services ) , commercial partners , sponsors , licensees , researchers and other similar parties .
Outside Contractors .
We may employ independent contractors , vendors and suppliers ( collectively , " Outside Contractors " ) to provide specific services and products related to our Website or Online Products , such as providing payment processing and fraud screening , and developing applications for our Website and e-mail services .
These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected on our Website , including your Personally Identifiable Information , in the course of providing products or services to us .
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us .
We also require that these Outside Contractors ( i ) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy , and ( ii ) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted .
Third Party Sellers .
In addition , through our Website , you may be given the opportunity to purchase ( or to obtain more information regarding ) certain content , products or services which are sold through a person or company other than us or our Affiliates ( collectively , " Third Party Sellers " ) .
We will attempt to make it clear to you when you are dealing with a Third Party Seller by opening a new browser or otherwise notifying you that you are leaving our Website .
For example , if you see a phrase such as " powered by " or " brought to you by " followed by the name of a person or company other than Weight Watchers , then you are likely on , or about to enter , a website hosted or operated by a person or company other than us .
Third Party Sellers may request that you submit certain information to them in order to purchase their products or services or to obtain additional information from them .
You do not need to submit this information or purchase any products or services from Third Party Sellers to access our Website .
By submitting the requested information , you affirmatively consent to have that information shared with the Third Party Seller .
This information is used by the Third Party Seller and may be subject to a different privacy policy .
We do not otherwise share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to Third Party Sellers .
Sale of Business .
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale , merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of WeightWatchers.com , Inc. or Weight Watchers International , Inc. provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We will notify users of any such transfer through notice on our site and through email .
ActiveLink We have collaborated with Philips Electronics North America Corporation ( Philips ) to offer you the ActiveLink experience and the website located at www.getactivelink.com ( the ActiveLink Website ) .
The ActiveLink Website shall be considered a Website for purposes of this Privacy Policy , and the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply to the collection , use and treatment by us of your personal information in connection with the ActiveLink Website as set forth herein .
In the course of hosting and supporting ActiveLink , Philips may have access to information collected on our Website ( including on the ActiveLink Website ) , including your Personally Identifiable Information and Non
Personally Identifiable Information .
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by Philips is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for Philips to support ActiveLink .
Philips has agreed to protect the privacy of your data consistent with the Philips ActiveLink Privacy Policy Our Website contains links to other websites not owned or operated by WeightWatchers.com , Inc. ( for example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement , you will likely be taken off our Website ) , including links to websites operated by franchisees of Weight Watchers International , Inc .
We will attempt to make it obvious to you when you leave our Website and enter these websites by opening a new browser or otherwise notifying you that you are leaving our Website .
However , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites .
We encourage you to be aware when our Website links to other websites and to read the privacy policies or statements of each and every website .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Website or through our Online Products .
We want your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) to remain as secure as possible .
We strive to provide secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers through industry-standard techniques .
To help ensure the integrity and privacy of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us via the Internet at the time you elect to become a registered user or subscribe to our Online Products , we use Secured Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in transmitting such Personally Identifiable Information over the Internet to our servers .
We secure the Personally Identifiable Information you provide on servers located in controlled , secure environments , protected from unauthorized access , use , or alteration .
Only employees who need access to your information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information .
In addition , all WeightWatchers.com employees must abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices .
Any employee who violates this Privacy Policy is subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination .
Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) from loss , misuse or alteration by third parties , you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet .
There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems .
As a result , while we strive to protect your information , we can not ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy , we will only use Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes described above or as otherwise disclosed at the time we request such information from you .
You must " opt-in " and give us permission to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose .
If you no longer wish to receive communications from us via postal mail , you may notify us by calling us at ( 800 ) 651-6000 or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below .
You may change your preference and " opt-out " of receiving other communications by changing that option in the Communication Preferences feature of our Website , following the directions provided in association with the communication , or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below .
Users of our Website are notified when Personally Identifiable Information is being collected by third parties on our Website .
We do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether you should disclose information to a third party .
In addition , as noted above , you may " opt-out " of certain data tracking practices by our advertising partners .
For more information about the data tracking practices of various third-party advertising companies , including their privacy practices and " opt-out " procedures , please go to the website operated by the Network Advertising Initiative
You can always contact us in order to ( 1 ) update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information , ( 2 ) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us , or ( 3 ) delete
the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems , by accessing Account Settings or contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below .
Such updates , corrections , changes and deletions will not have an effect on other information that we maintain , or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update , correction , change or deletion .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our systems .
The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate .
We promise that promptly after receiving your request , all Personally Identifiable Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed or deleted , as appropriate , We will respond to your request within 30 days .
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our Website so you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use Personally Identifiable Information in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy , or otherwise disclosed to you , at the time it was collected , we will notify you by email or otherwise , and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your Personally Identifiable Information in the new manner .
We may also make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that generally will not affect our use of your Personally Identifiable Information .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you should not use our Website .
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of our posted Privacy Policy , please contact our Privacy Coordinator in any of the following ways :
Email our Privacy Coordinator at : privacy @ weightwatchers.com
Or , write to our Privacy Coordinator at : WeightWatchers.com , Inc.
675 Sixth Avenue , 6th Floor , New York , NY 10010
Attn : Privacy Coordinator
Or , fax our Privacy Coordinator at : ( 212 ) 589-2601
Attn : Privacy Coordinator
We comply with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of data from the European Union .
More information can be found in our Safe Harbor Privacy Statement BY USING OUR WEBSITE , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITE .
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS
PRIVACY POLICY WILL MEAN THAT YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES .
Last modified as of July 29 , 2013
PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective November 9 , 2010 .
If you submitted personally identifiable information to us prior to the above effective date , and desire to opt out of having that previously submitted personally identifiable information from being treated under the new policy , please contact us at privacy @
amilink.com .
PRIVACY POLICY (
Effective November 9 , 2010 )  
Welcome to www.mensfitness.com Internet news and media websites offered by connection with American Media , Inc. , Weider Publications LLC , and Radar Online LLC ( collectively , the " Website " , " we " , " us " or " our " ) .
The singular term " Website " includes all websites listed above and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent , mirror , replacement , substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Website .
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy , which includes compliance with California Privacy Rights at http : //www.privacyprotection.ca.gov .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , including our successors , parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , and related companies , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE .
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
( 1 )
Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , address , email address , and phone number when registering with our Website , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc. )  
when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information :
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you . Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website .
This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc. ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Mac OS , etc. ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc. ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
( 1 )
Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( " affiliated companies " ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
We may share or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners , list rental/purchasing agencies , and persons or entities with whom we have marketing , business , or other relationships .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below .
Whether or not you opt-out is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information :
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
( 1 )
IP Addresses :
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that " serve up " web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website .
IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 2 ) Cookies , etc.
: " Cookies " are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive .
These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you .
Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information .
We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website and third-party content providers that serve content on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
( 3 )
Email Communications
: If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc. )
, we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may " opt out " of receiving future commercial email communications from us by following the instructions at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications .
( 4 )
Transfer of Assets : As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
( 5 )
Other :
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 6 )
Your California Privacy Rights : Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
You may request the information in writing at : privacy @ amilink.com , with the subject heading " California Privacy Rights. "  
We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
We may provide you with the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information , either by registering on the Website or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by our third party affiliates .
The information requested as part of the online registration process may include your telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional information may be requested for specific promotions .
Depending on the promotion , we may also collect an email address or other contact information , and you may also be required to confirm your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
If you register for wireless marketing services , you understand and agree that you will be charged by your wireless carrier for all messages sent to you .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to a your wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
You may cancel one or more services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says " UNSUBSCRIBE. "  
We will then terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service sent to you .
If you unsubscribe , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
You understand , acknowledge and agree that we may , in our sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
We may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at privacy @
amilink.com .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your " personally identifiable information " ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
You may contact us as at privacy @ amilink.com
if : ( a ) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy ; ( b ) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided ; ( c ) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence , including emails , from us or our affiliated companies ; or ( d ) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others .
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website Website Policies
Thanks for visiting FDA 's Web site .
Privacy Policy Links to Other Sites Third-Party Websites and Applications Website Content Information Quality Linking To or Copying
Information
On the FDA Website Pop-Up Advertisements Intrusion Detection Contact Information Privacy Policy Our privacy policy outlines the information we receive when you visit our site and how we use this information .
We receive two types of information when you visit our site :  Information automatically collected .
Information you choose to provide .
When you visit any website , the site can automatically collect information about your visit .
When you browse through our site , read pages there , or download information , we collect certain information to measure how many visitors come to the different parts of the site so we can make the site more useful .
Example :
We use browser information to help us design our site so the greatest number of people can view the pages correctly .
For every visitor , we collect and temporarily store the following information :  Your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , a number automatically assigned to your computer when you go on the Web .
The domain from which you access the Internet , such as aol.com , if you use an America Online account to access the internet .
The website address from which you came to our site , such as www.hhs.gov if you came by clicking an FDA link on the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' site .
The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent there .
The name and version of your computer 's operating system and browser , for example Windows 2000/Mozilla Firefox 5 .
The pages you visited .
We use this information to improve our website and provide a better experience for our visitors .
We use tools , Google Analytics and Urchin , to aggregate this information .
The information is available only to our Web managers and staff who require this information to perform their duties .
It is retained only for as long as needed for analysis purposes .
Web Measurement and Customization
The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use Web measurement and customization technologies such as session and persistent cookies .
We use cookies to improve website functions for visitors and to better understand how the public is using our website . "
Session Cookies "  Some services on our website use " session cookies. "  
These are :  Small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer .
Used to aid searching and navigating the site .
Deleted when you close your browser .
As defined by OMB , our use of session cookies is " Usage Tier 1Single Session. "  
Tier 1 uses encompass any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies. "  
Data collected through our session cookies will be retained only for as long as needed to use for the measurement purposes .
"
Persistent Cookies "  Some services on our website use multi-session cookies , also known as persistent cookies .
Persistent cookies are :  Small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer .
Placed on your computer for more than a single session .
Used to differentiate between new and returning site visitors , to customize our website for frequent visitors , and to assess site design and content .
Persistent cookies placed on your computer will expire two years after your last visit to our website .
Data collected through persistent cookies will be retained by the specific FDA office associated with the website using the cookie .
OMB defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . "  
This applies to any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  
Use and Sharing of Cookie Data
We do not use session cookies or persistent cookies to collect PII
and we do not share any data collected from cookies .
How to Opt-Out or Disable Cookies
Both session and persistent cookies pertaining to our website are enabled by default because of their integration with our website .
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at FDA.gov .
Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http :
//www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml .
Note : If you disable cookies in your browser , it may cause problems with searching and displaying information .
We collect and store no other information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide it .
For example : If you send us an email or submit an online form , we do not automatically receive your email address .
However , you will need to provide it to us if you would like an email response .
We will receive no other personally identifying information from your email unless you provide it .
If you submit a form on our website , we will receive only the personal information you include in the form .
Children 's Privacy : We collect no information from children under 13 .
If a child sends us an email inquiry or comment , we will answer it , and then delete the email from our files .
PII
you choose to provide is protected by security controls in accordance with the HHS Information Security and Privacy Policy , and , National Institutes of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidance .
Note : Email is not necessarily secure against interception .
If your communication is sensitive , or if it includes personal information such as your social security number , you can send it by postal mail instead .
To learn about information FDA collects under the Privacy Act of 1974 visit http : //www.fda.gov/RegulatoryInformation/FOI/PrivacyAct/default.htm .
Summary Privacy Impact Assessments for FDA data systems are available at http : //www.hhs.gov
/pia/ .
For a broader discussion of your rights under the Freedom of Information Act and the Privacy Act , visit http : //publications.usa.gov/epublications/foia/foia.htm .
FDA will not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about our visitors unless it is required :
By law or regulation .
For law enforcement reasons .
Other possible uses of your information : We may use PII to respond to you , in which case various people may need to see the information you provide in order to provide a response to you .
If enough questions or comments come in that are the same , your question ( but not your name ) may be added to our Questions and Answers section .
We use this information to help us improve our site .
We may enter information you send into an electronic database to share with attorneys or investigators involved in law enforcement or policy-making .
We may share information with other government agencies that have public health or consumer protection duties , in which case FDA or any of those agencies may contact you .
In other limited circumstances , including requests from Congress or private individuals , we may be required by law to disclose information you submit .
back to top Our website has links to many other federal agencies , and , in a few cases , to private organizations , foreign governments and international organizations .
You should be aware that if you access another site through a link we provide , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site .
Reference in any referred ( linked ) website to commercial products , services , manufacturers , or companies does not constitute an endorsement by the U.S. government , the Department of Health and Human Services , or FDA .
FDA is not responsible for the contents of any pages referred from its website .
back to top
In addition to FDA 's official website on www.fda.gov , FDA uses social media and third-party ( non-FDA ) websites to share information and to engage with the public .
For example , there may be third-party applications and/or services linked to or embedded on www.fda.gov to improve its functionality .
Likewise , applications created by FDA may be embedded on third-party websites as a way to increase public awareness of FDA activities .
Our integration of these products is intended to provide a seamless user experience and to enhance users ' ability to access information and communicate with FDA .
Some third-party websites and applications may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to the public and/or FDA based on user controlled settings or the privacy policies of the third-party .
FDA will not collect , maintain , use , or share any PII that becomes available through FDA 's use of third-party websites or applications .
Please be aware that the privacy policy provided on social media and third-party websites that are not a part of the fda.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy policy described here .
PII or other information you share through social media , or a third-party website or application may be accessible by non-government third parties .
As described in these website policies , you can communicate directly with FDA without involving a third-party .
FDA conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) for each use of a third-party website .
Each use of a third-party website may have unique functionality or practices .
To learn more , review the published PIAs at http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/ .
back to top The health and medical information on our website is not intended to take the place of advice or treatment from healthcare professionals .
It is also not intended to substitute for the users ' relationships with their own health care/pharmaceutical providers .
The Code of Federal Regulations is the authoritative source for FDA regulations .
back to top FDA is dedicated to : Ensuring that all information it publishes reflects a level of quality corresponding to the nature and timeliness of the information .
Disseminating all its data as broadly and promptly as possible so that the public can benefit from FDA 's mission to promote and protect the public health .
Note : In keeping with this commitment and in accordance with Public Law 106-554 and Office of Management and Budget requirements , HHS and FDA have developed information quality guidelines establishing quality assurance policies , standards , and processes .
The HHS guidelines are available at http :
//www.hhs.gov/infoquality/ .
back to top Unless otherwise noted , the contents of the FDA website ( www.fda.gov ) both text and graphicsare not copyrighted .
They are in the public domain and may be republished , reprinted and otherwise used freely by anyone without the need to obtain permission from FDA .
Credit to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as the source is appreciated but not required .
People are also free to link to any URL on FDA 's site .
FDA 's preference is that people link to the material on the FDA site ( rather than copying it to their personal websites ) because the agency continuously updates the information on the website as better information becomes available .
A person copying documents to another website , instead of linking to them , would then have to monitor the original documents to know when these documents were updated by FDA or else risk giving bad or incorrect advice to visitors to their website .
Providing consumers or health professionals with advice that is not fully up to date can lead to serious public health consequences .
Providing industry advice that is not fully up to date can lead to companies being out of compliance with regulatory requirements .
If a person , nonetheless , decides to copy content or images , FDA strongly recommends that the copied item lists the date that the material was copied and provides a link back to its source on the FDA website .
Users can then see for themselves if the copied material has been updated or changed .
FDA appreciates being informed about the use of website materials .
Contact FDA , HFI-50 , Rockville , MD 20857 or email webmail @
oc.fda.gov .
back to top When visiting our Web site , your Web browser may produce pop-up advertisements .
These advertisements were most likely produced by other Web sites you visited or by third-party software installed on your computer .
FDA does n't produce pop-up ads and does n't endorse or recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up ad on your computer screen while visiting our site .
back to top This site is maintained by the U.S. government and protected by various provisions of Title 18 of the U.S. Code .
Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court .
For site security purposes and to ensure that the site remains available to all users , we employ software programs that monitor traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual .
back to top If you have any questions or comments about the FDA website , you can contact us by : Calling 1-888-INFO-FDA ( 1-888-463-6332 )
Sending a fax to 301-847-8622 Writing to : FDA , 10903 New Hampshire Avenue ( HFI-50 ) , Silver Spring , MD 20993 Using our on-line comment form .
back to top Page Last
Updated : 11/11/2013 December 17 , 2012
Protecting Your Privacy and Servicing Your Needs Rodale and its subsidiaries , ( together " Rodale " )
the world 's leading healthy lifestyle company , publishes some of the best-known health and wellness lifestyle magazines , including Prevention , Men 's Health , Women 's Health , Runner 's World , Running Times , Bicycling , and Organic Gardening , and is one of the largest independent book publishers in the United States .
Rodale brings you the ideas , insights , and information that inspire and enable people to improve their lives and the world around them .
We 're a family-run business that values integrity , and we 're deeply committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information you share with us .
We believe you have the right to know everything regarding the information we collect about you , how this information benefits you , and how you can say " no " to the use of any of this information .
This privacy policy applies to all information gathering activities of Rodale , on and offline .
The policy describes how we handle information provided to us or collected on Internet sites where this privacy policy is posted .
It also explains how we handle information provided to us or collected on applications we make available on or through third-party sites or platforms , if it is disclosed to you in connection with your use , purchase or download of the application .
TABLE OF CONTENTS Children
Under 13 Information Collection
How We Use Your Information Your California Privacy Rights
Updating Your Information Opting-out of Email Transfers for Legal Purposes Mobile Devices Cookies and Web Beacons
Third-Party Advertising Links Policy Changes
Data Security Contact Us We care about the safety of children .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personal identifying information .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves ( such as , their names , e-mail addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet to us or to anyone else .
We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience and to share your interest in our sites with your young ones .
Rodale collects personal identifying information ( " PII " ) from you when you visit our website ( s ) , through e-mail , and through the use of our mobile applications .
We also collect PII during transactions , sponsored events and contests/sweepstakes .
PII includes your name , postal address , e-mail address , telephone and cell phone numbers , wireless service provider , and all other information that identifies you .
We may collect information about your interaction with Rodale sites , applications and services .
For example , we may use website analytics tools on our site to retrieve information from your browser , including the site you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find our site , the pages you view within our site , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height .
We may also use technologies , such as cookies and web beacons ( described below ) , to collect information about the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on our sites and services .
Additionally , we may collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit , such as your IP address , browser type and language , access times and referring website addresses .
When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from Rodale , we may use web beacons ( described below ) , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information .
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Rodale , information collected through one Rodale site , application or service may be combined with information obtained through other Rodale sites , applications or services .
We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies .
The information we collect allows us to customize the content and/or layout of our sites and applications for you and each other visitor .
Plus , it enables us to notify you about updates to our websites and applications , contact you with special offers of interest , and customize your experience .
In addition , Rodale may make certain PII and other information available to trusted third parties that work with us to provide products and services to our customers , that help us with marketing campaigns , or that intend to market products and services to you directly .
These companies are obligated to protect the information they receive .
As described above , from time to time , we make your PII available to third parties .
If you do not want us to share your PII with other companies or organizations , you may opt-out of this information sharing by doing any one of the following : 1 ) accessing the form at http : //www.rodale.com/cs/customer_contact_form.php ; 2 ) calling us at 866-387-0509 ; or writing to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 .
This notice is designed to comply with California 's " Shine the Light " law , but the opt-out option is available to all of our users .
Upon request , we will update your personal account information ( e.g. , customer number ) , access your account status ( outstanding balance ) , and update your contact information ( i.e. , name , address , phone number ) .
For more information or to update an account , please visit http : //www.rodaleinc.com/customer-service .
If you prefer , you may write to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 .
If you do not want to receive commercial/promotional e-mail or online newsletters that you have subscribed to , please let us know by updating your email preferences at preferences.rodale.com , by utilizing the unsubscribe option available on commercial e-mail communications , by calling us at 866-387-0509 , or by writing to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 .
Rodale may need to disclose certain information to comply with a legal requirement , such as a law , regulation , court order , subpoena , or search warrant , in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request .
If there is a change of control in Rodale 's business ( whether by merger , sale , or otherwise ) or a sale or transfer of its assets , your information could be sold or transferred as part of that transaction and your PII and other information potentially used by the Purchaser or other recipient of said information .
From time to time , Rodale may make mobile device application and mobile marketing campaigns available to you and may allow you to register for services that involve messages and/or e-mails being sent to your mobile device .
You are responsible for obtaining access to the mobile device services and that access may involve third-party fees , including mobile carrier , text messaging , or airtime charges .
You are solely responsible for those fees , including any and all fees associated with the use of the applications , delivery of the messages , e-mails or other materials to your mobile device .
Please consult your mobile service provider 's pricing plan prior to purchasing or downloading any application or registering for any such service to determine the charges for sending and receiving text messages from/to your mobile device .
You will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving text messages or emails to your mobile device at the time you register and with each message or email you receive .
Mobile marketing campaigns may involve your sending an e-mail from your mobile device to Rodale or a third-party campaign operator .
An e-mail or other response will then be sent to your mobile device .
Opting to participate in a campaign is 100 % your choice .
When you engage in these mobile marketing campaigns , Rodale and the third-party campaign operator may collect your cell phone number , the name of your wireless service provider , images that you send using your cell phone as part of the campaign , and other relevant information .
In order to provide better service when you return to our site , Rodale may use Cookies and Web Beacons to store your preferences and information about such things as items added to your shopping cart , purchases you have made with us , what pages you visit , and past activity at a site .
Rodale may also employ Web Beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our sites . "
Cookies " are tiny pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies are also used to ensure that you are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and to customize webpage content based on your browser type ( Netscape or Microsoft Explorer , for example ) .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
Web Beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs or clear gifs - are used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
We may include Web Beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
If you want to disable cookies , there is a simple procedure in most Internet browsers that allows you to turn off cookies .
Please remember , however , that cookies may be required to allow you to use certain features of our sites .
We may use third-party advertising , data analytics and online targeting companies to serve ads when you visit our sites or use our applications .
We may also provide certain PII and other information to these third-parties to allow them to more effectively target advertising to you .
These companies are obligated to protect your information , but you may opt-out of this sharing through the process described here .
When advertisements are displayed to you on our sites and applications , one or more persistent cookies may be placed on your computer or device by us or a third party .
Some of these third parties may use information ( including PII ) about your visits to this site and other websites and usage of applications in order to provide data and targeting recommendations based on which you may receive advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
To learn more about this practice and the third-party companies we may currently be using , click here .
To opt out of this practice , please click here .
Rodale sites may , on occasion , contain links to other sites with information gathering practices different from our own .
Visitors should consult privacy policies for all other sites , as Rodale has no control over information submitted to or collected by such third parties .
Rodale sites sometimes offer contests , sweepstakes , or promotions sponsored or co-sponsored by third parties .
These third parties may obtain PII that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest , sweepstakes , or promotion .
Rodale has no control over the third-party sponsor 's use of this information .
The Rodale site will notify you at the time of requesting PII if third-party sponsors will be provided with such information .
Rodale may need to change this privacy policy from time to time in order to address new issues , evolving technologies , changes on our sites , or business practices .
Rodale will post those changes so you will always know what information we gather and how we might use that information .
Please refer back to this policy regularly .
To ensure the security of your data - including address information and credit card numbers - Rodale always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site .
We have appropriate security measures that protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of information that we have collected from you .
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy statement or if you feel that this site has not followed its stated information policy , feel free to contact us .
Our postal address is 400 South 10th Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 , and we can be reached via e-mail at privacy @
rodale.com or you may use the form located at http : //www.rodale.com/cs/index.html .
You can reach customer service by telephone at 866-387-0509 .
Additionally , you may contact your state or local consumer protection office , The Direct Marketing Association 's Committee on Ethical Business Practices , the Better Business Bureau , or The Federal Trade Commission by phone at ( 202 ) FTC-HELP ( 202/382-4357 ) and online at www.ftc.gov .
Rodale complies with all the stringent standards of ethical conduct set forth by the Direct Marketing Association .
Printer-friendly version Privacy statement Kaiser Permanente ( KP ) is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of this website and the KP Mobile Applications .
We will use and disclose the information you provide us as stated in this Privacy Statement. )  
Use and disclosure of health information includes using the information to provide treatment to the individual , to make payments for such treatment , and to conduct ongoing quality improvement activities .
Our use and disclosure of an individual 's personal information ( including health information ) is limited as required by state and federal law .
We do not sell or rent personal information about visitors to this site or customers who use the site .
This website and the KP Mobile Applications have security measures in place to help protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of information under our control .
These measures include encryption of data using the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) system , and using a secured messaging service when we send you personal information electronically .
Despite these measures , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site or the KP Mobile Applications by Internet or email can not be guaranteed .
At your discretion , you may contact us at the mailing address or telephone number listed in the " Questions , complaints , and contacts " section at the end of this Privacy Statement .
We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new features or as laws change that may affect our services .
If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement , we will post notice of this on our website .
Any revised Privacy Statement will apply both to information we already have about you at the time of the change , and any personal information created or received after the change takes effect .
We include a version number on this Privacy Statement consisting of the date ( year , month , and day ) it was last revised .
We encourage you to periodically reread this Privacy Statement , to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you .
Kaiser Permanente routinely gathers data on website and mobile application activity , such as how many people visit the site or mobile applications , the web pages or mobile screens they visit , where they come from , how long they stay , etc .
The data is collected on an aggregate , anonymous basis , which means that no personally identifiable information is associated with the data .
This data helps us improve our content and overall usage .
The information is not shared with other organizations for their independent use .
In order to ensure a good user experience , certain data may be temporarily or permanently cached by the Mobile Applications on users ' mobile devices .
Any data that is personally identifiable will be encrypted and will not be viewable by anyone without access to the user 's User ID and Password .
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement , we do not collect any identifiable information about visitors to this site or the KP Mobile Applications .
The policies , sources , and uses of information are outlined in Sections 1 through 13 that follow : 1 . Web logs We maintain standard Web logs that record data about all visitors and customers who use this site or the KP Mobile Applications and we store this information for a while .
These logs may contain the Internet domain from which you access the site ( such as aol.com , abc.org , etc. ) ; the IP address which is automatically assigned to your computer when you get on the Internet ( a static IP address may be identifiable as being connected to you , while a dynamic address is usually not identifiable ) ; the type of browser and operating system you use ; the date and time you visited ; the pages or mobile screens you viewed ; and the address of the website you linked from , if any .
If you sign on to this website or the KP Mobile Application to use secured features , our Web logs will also contain an individual identifier and show the services you have accessed .
All Web logs are stored securely , and may only be accessed by Kaiser Permanente employees or designees on a need-to-know basis for a specific purpose .
Kaiser Permanente uses Web log information to help us design our site and the KP Mobile Applications , to identify popular features , to resolve user , hardware , and software problems , and to make the site and the KP Mobile Applications more useful to visitors .
2 .
Internet cookies
We may place Internet " cookies " on the computer hard drives of visitors to this Kaiser Permanente website or the KP Mobile Applications .
Information we obtain from cookies helps us to tailor our site and the KP Mobile Applications to be more helpful and efficient for our visitors .
The cookie consists of a unique identifier that does not contain information about you or your health history .
We use two types of cookies , " session " cookies and " persistent " cookies .
A session cookie is temporary , and expires after you end a session and close your web browser or the KP Mobile Application browser .
We use session cookies to help customize your experience on our site , maintain your signed-on status as you navigate through our features , and to track your " click path " through our Web pages or mobile screens .
Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive after you 've exited from our website , and we use them for several reasons .
For instance , when you give us permission to " remember " a feature about you when asked by the website , such as your Kaiser Permanente region , we place a persistent cookie on your hard drive so that the next time you visit us , we wo n't have to ask you that information again .
If you 've given us permission to email you with information about your Kaiser Permanente benefits , or for other reasons , we may place a persistent cookie on your hard drive that will let us know when you come back to visit our site .
We sometimes use this type of persistent cookie with a " Web beacon " ( see below ) .
Persistent cookies will not contain any personal information about you such as a Kaiser Permanente Health/Medical Record number .
You may have software on your computer that will allow you to decline or deactivate Internet cookies , but if you do so , some features of this site or the KP Mobile Applications may not work properly for you .
For instructions on how to remove cookies from your hard drive , go to your browser 's website for detailed instructions .
In addition , further information regarding cookies may be available on other websites or from your Internet service provider .
Safari , Chrome , Firefox , Internet Explorer and iOS browsers are commonly used browsers .
3 .
Web beacons
We may also occasionally use " Web beacons " ( also known as " clear gifs , " " Web bugs , " " 1-pixel gifs , " etc. )  that allow us to collect non-personal information about your response to our email communications , and for other purposes .
Web beacons are tiny images , placed on a Web page or email , that can tell us if you 've gone to a particular area on our website .
For example , if you 've given us permission to send you emails , we may send you an email urging you to use a certain feature on our website .
If you do respond to that email and use that feature , the Web beacon will tell us that our email communication with you has been successful .
We do not collect any personal health information with a Web beacon , and do not link Web beacons with any other personal health information you 've given us .
Since Web beacons are used in conjunction with persistent cookies ( described above ) , if you set your browser to decline or deactivate cookies , Web beacons can not function .
4 .
Emails Kaiser Permanente uses a third-party vendor to help us manage some of our email communications with you .
While we do supply this vendor with email addresses of those we wish them to contact , your email address is never used for any purpose other than to communicate with you on our behalf .
When you click on a link in an email , you may temporarily be redirected through one of the vendor 's servers ( although this process will be invisible to you ) which will register that you 've clicked on that link , and have visited our website or KP Mobile Application .
Kaiser Permanente never shares any information , other than your email address , with our third-party email vendor , which does not share these email addresses with anyone else .
Even if you have given us permission to send emails to you , you may revoke that permission at any time by following the " unsubscribe " information at the bottom of the email .
5 .
Evaluation and research
We will periodically ask users to complete surveys asking about their experiences with features of the website or the KP Mobile Applications .
Our surveys ask visitors for demographic information such as age , gender , and education , but will not request that users provide specific information about any medical condition .
We use survey information for research and quality improvement purposes , including helping Kaiser Permanente to improve information and services offered through the website and the KP Mobile Applications .
In addition , users giving feedback may be individually contacted for follow-up due to concerns raised during the course of such evaluation .
Demographic information and Web log data may be stored for future research and evaluation .
6 .
Application for Kaiser Permanente membership
If you apply for Kaiser Permanente membership through this website or a KP Mobile Application , you will be asked during the application process to disclose certain personal information so that we can evaluate your eligibility .
Specifically , you will be asked to provide demographic information ( name , address , other contact information and age ) , answer questions regarding your medical history and current health status , and verify the truthfulness of your answers .
7 .
Messages and transactions Comments or questions sent to us using email or secure messaging forms will be shared with Kaiser Permanente staff and health care professionals who are most able to address your concerns .
We will archive your messages once we have made our best effort to provide you with a complete and satisfactory response .
Some of our services such as our automated appointment selection and prescription refill services interact directly with other Kaiser Permanente data systems .
Data about your transaction may be stored in these systems , and available to people who test and support these systems .
When you use a service on the secure section of this website or the KP Mobile Applications to interact directly with Kaiser Permanente health care professionals , some information you provide may be documented in your medical record , and available for use to guide your treatment as a patient .
8 .
Credit card transactions
If you provide us with your credit card number for pharmacy prescriptions or other payments , we will treat your credit card number in a secure manner .
9 .
Data integrity and correction Requests to view and correct personal information from this website or the KP Mobile Applications that is documented in your medical record may be submitted using the contact information in the " Questions , complaints , and contacts " section below .
10 .
Children We do not knowingly allow Kaiser Permanente members under the age of 13 to create accounts that allow access to the secured features of this site or the KP Mobile Applications .
11 .
Disclosures
We may disclose personal information to any person performing audit , legal , operational , or other services for us .
We will use information which does not identify the individual for these activities whenever feasible .
Information disclosed to vendors or contractors for operational purposes may not be re-disclosed to others by such a vendor or contractor .
We may disclose personal information when required to do so by a subpoena , court order , or search warrant .
We may disclose personal information as we deem it appropriate to protect the safety of an individual or for an investigation related to public safety or to report an activity that appears to be in violation of law .
We may disclose personal information to protect the security and reliability of this site and the KP Mobile Applications , and to take precautions against liability .
12 .
Opt out If a user makes a request to receive information in an ongoing manner through this website or a KP Mobile Application by providing their email address ( for example , requesting a subscription to one of our online publications ) , a user may make a request to discontinue future mailings .
Similarly , if you receive information about a Kaiser Permanente service through email , you may make a request to discontinue receiving similar messages in the future .
All such materials sent to you by email will contain information about how to opt out .
Also , if as a member you register to use protected features on our website or the KP Mobile Applications , you may be given an opportunity to receive emails about different types of Kaiser Permanente products , services , announcements , and updates .
On our website , you may change your preferences by clicking " my profile " at the top right of each page , then choosing " communication preferences " on the left .
13 .
Other requests to limit use and disclosure of your personal information State and federal laws may allow you to request that we limit our uses and disclosures of your personal information for treatment , payment , and health care operations purposes .
However , by law , we do not have to agree to your request .
It is our policy not to agree to requests for restrictions beyond what is described in the " Opt out " section above .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement , our policies and practices concerning this site or the KP Mobile Applications , your rights under this statement , and your dealings with the Kaiser Permanente website or the KP Mobile Applications , you can contact Kaiser Permanente by telephone at 1-800-556-7677 ( toll free ) , by sending a message to the Kaiser Permanente Web manager , or by U.S. mail at the address below : Kaiser Permanente Internet Services Group 5820 Owens Drive , Building E-2 , Pleasanton , CA 94588
Last revised December 12 .
2012 Privacy Policy This Website is run by Patient.co.uk .
Patient.co.uk is a brand name of Egton Medical Information Systems Limited , a company registered in England with company number 2117205 with registered offices at Rawdon House , Green Lane , Yeadon , Leeds , LS19 7BY .
Patient.co.uk operates by the following principles : We do our best to protect your personal details and other information about your account .
We are constantly reviewing our processes and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and use , accidental loss and/or destruction .
We will respect your privacy .
You should receive marketing emails only from Patient.co.uk .
It will be made clear to you where you have these choices , for example , tick boxes will let you decide whether you wish to receive marketing or newsletters .
We may , however , email you occasionally with information or queries about your registration , your subscription account , your Website activity or postings , for example , with reminders , confirmations , warnings or copyright requests .
Sometimes we use other organisations to process your personal information on our behalf .
Such processing shall comply with appropriate security measures .
We may also independently audit these service providers to ensure that they meet our standards .
We may use service providers to help us run the Website or services available on the Website , some of whom may be based outside the EEA .
We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you ( " Personal Information " ) .
For example , when you register with the Patient.co.uk discussion forums you are asked for an e-mail address , password and nickname .
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site .
This can include using a " cookie " which would be stored on your browser .
You can modify your browser to prevent this happening .
The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings .
For more information on cookies and to learn how to change your settings , read our cookie policy .
If at any time you believe that Patient.co.uk has not adhered to these principles , please notify us by e-mail to the webmaster , and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly .
Last Revised : January 2 , 2014
To jump to our Privacy Policy , click here
To opt-out of Third Party Tracking Technologies , click here To be removed from Cond Nast promotional mailing lists , click here If you have a complaint about another user , click here Kids and parents click here I.Introduction II.Monitoring and Complaints Against Other Users III.Registration and Account/Profile Creation
IV.Sensitive Information Disclaimer V.Rules of Usage VI.Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service .
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service .
The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information .
Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested .
In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) .
All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your Registration Information .
Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device .
The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service .
Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service .
Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information .
We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service ,
and/or Content you have requested .
For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication .
Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs .
Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document .
If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive .
( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) .
If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date .
If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes .
We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services .
And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification .
There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties .
In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies .
We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests .
While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties .
We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters in the public interest .
We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process .
In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service .
Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers .
In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets .
We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose .
The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information
and/or devices ( e.g. , " cookies " ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( " Local Device Storage " ) .
We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service .
For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage .
Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies .
If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it .
However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly .
In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the " Tracking Technologies " ) .
We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage .
As discussed below , you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time .
However , we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track ( DNT ) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks , and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals .
Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes .
In doing so , these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s )
you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith .
If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide , you may be able to opt-out by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info .
Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction .
Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer .
Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself .
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you .
If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device .
This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere .
Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service .
If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows :
Privacy Policy Coordinator Cond Nast 1313 Market Street Wilmington , DE 19801 Privacy_administration @
condenast.com
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) and 8 , you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
If you wish to exercise this right , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties .
Also as discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us , you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator .
Addtionally , you may click here to be removed from our promotional mailing lists .
If you opt-out of promotional mailings from Conde Nast , you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile .
If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service .
RxList Privacy Policy Summary WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices .
This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :  What information we collect about you
What choices you have about your information
How we use your information
How and with whom we may share the information we have about you
How we protect your information How to contact us with questions or concerns
We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information .
Information Collected About You
We may collect " Personal Information " about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :  When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ; When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ; When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ; When you use our " Email a Friend " service ; When you participate in an online survey ; or When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum .
We may collect " Non-Personal Information " information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD .
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information .
If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information
, you should delete your information as described in this Policy .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD .
Read more about " What Choices Do I Have ? " , " Cookies " and " TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices "  How Information Collected
About
You Is Used
We may use information we collect about you to :  Administer your account ; Provide you with access to particular tools and services ; Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ; Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ; Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ; Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ; Conduct research and measurement activities ; or Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or : To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ; To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ;
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others .
WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes .
We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect .
Read more about How Do We Secure
Your Information ?
Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD ,
LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites
( we refer to these sites collectively as the " WebMD Web Sites " ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Personal Information
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information . "
Personal Information " means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
WebMD
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the " Watch This Discussion " link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the " My Profile " section .
Email a Friend
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
Market Research
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Non-Personal Information
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
" Non-Personal Information " means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons . "
Cookies " are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
" Web Beacons " are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
WebMD 's Sites ( including our mobile sites such as m.webmd.com ) and WebMd 's Apps ask for your consent ( via an opt-in ) before using information from pin-pointing technology like GPS or cell tower information .
You can withdraw your consent ( opt-out ) for the use of " location " by WebMD at any time by changing your location services in the " Settings " function on your mobile device .
We use location services on our web sites and Apps to provide you content based upon your location , local search results , and local offers .
Non-
Personal Information Collected by Third Parties
Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information
they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The " opt-out Cookies " are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the " TRUSTe Window " ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  
Important :
If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to : administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
WebMD
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses " Changes to This Privacy Policy. "  
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD
contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD (
" Third Party Web Sites " ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information
allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD ,
LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Education Center on WebMD .
WebMD is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
Effective Date :
May 06 , 2013 2013
WebMD , LLC .
All rights reserved .
Please read this page carefully .
This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you , the website visitor ( hereinafter " You " or " visitor " ) , may use this site , the content of which is owned by or licensed to The Nemours Foundation and is operated and administered by The Nemours Center for Children 's Health Media ( collectively , " TeensHealth " ) .
By using this site , You agree to be bound by all of the Terms and Conditions set forth below .
If You do not accept these Terms and Conditions , please do not use this site .
TeensHealth may , at its sole discretion , revise these Terms and Conditions at any time ; therefore , You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions .
The Nemours Center for Children 's Health Media seeks to improve the health of children through the creation of engaging , innovative , family-oriented media .
Although it strives for timeliness and accuracy in all of its materials , TeensHealth makes no representations , warranties , or assurances as to the availability , accuracy , currency , or completeness of this site or its contents .
TeensHealth shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from Your access to , inability to access , or use of this site , including , without limitation , any damages or injury arising from any links to other sites contained within or referred to in this site .
TeensHealth is committed to preserving Your right to privacy .
TeensHealth does not collect identifying information about You ( such as Your name , address , telephone number , or email address ) unless You voluntarily submit that information to us through our Contact Us page , our newsletter subscription pages , or other means .
Please do not provide any confidential information ( including health information ) about you or anyone to us via electronic communication .
Any information you do submit will not be sold to any third parties .
If we publish any information you provide to us on the website , we will not disclose personally identifiable information .
We collect information about your use of our website through the use of cookies .
The information collected by cookies allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our website .
We may use cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content and how long visitors stay on the site .
Additionally , TeensHealth may include a third party cookie from Google in order to use Google Analytics to monitor site statistics .
Please note that Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use , subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy ( located at http : //www.google.com/privacy.html , or such other URL as Google may provide from time to time ) , information collected in Your use of the Service .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar .
You do not have to accept our cookies in order to productively use our site .
We do not use cookies to collect or store personal health information about you .
When You visit the site , TeensHealth may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about You , such as the type of browser or computer operating system You use or the domain name of the site from which You linked to us .
Any automatically collected information may be maintained indefinitely and used for our internal business and marketing purposes , such as assessing traffic patterns and usage of various features on the site , but will not be sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties for any purposes .
Notwithstanding any other statements or representations here or elsewhere on our site , TeensHealth reserves its right to disclose any information in its possession if it is required to do so by law , or it believes , in good faith , that such a disclosure is necessary to comply with the law , defend its rights or property , or to respond to an emergency situation .
If You are concerned about the information You have provided to TeensHealth or would like to review , update , or delete that information , please contact us at :  TeensHealth
The Nemours Foundation 1600 Rockland Road Wilmington , DE 19803 ( 302 ) 651-4046 info @
TeensHealth.org TeensHealth will make reasonable efforts to comply with Your wishes .
The Contact Us page is the primary means of communication with TeensHealth staff for a website visitor .
Website visitors may use the Contact Us page to send content suggestions or questions about the Parents , Kids , or Teens areas of the site directly to the Parents , Kids , or Teens editorial staff .
Website visitors may also use this form to ask general questions about the Website or content , submit notification of broken links , communicate privacy concerns , and/or submit praise and/or complaints .
All comments are seen by the Editor-in-Chief who , along with senior editorial staff , handle all content-related issues and will use these comments , for instance , as ideas for generating new content or answering a question in a Q&A section on the site .
All technical and operational issues are forwarded to the Director of Operations for handling .
As TeensHealth policy is not to respond to visitor email , the Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information ( such as an email address ) , and the only way personally identifiable information would be collected is if the visitor were to voluntarily type such information into one of the open text fields .
The Contact Us page is secured using 128-bit encryption .
Any health information submitted through the Contact Us page is not stored in a way that is personally identifiable .
We may , unless you indicate otherwise , store , edit , and excerpt your email for use in Q&As , presentations , analyses , and other similar purposes .
In these cases , we will delete any content that would specifically identify you as the writer of the email .
The only personally identifiable information that is actively collected by TeensHealth are email addresses of individuals who opt-in to our newsletter programs .
These email addresses are only used for delivering our newsletters .
These addresses are not typically viewed by a human being unless there is some problem with the database .
Users may remove their email address from our list by using the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of each newsletter .
Our Kids section is intended to be a safe resource for children under 13 to find useful , age-appropriate information .
Although The Nemours Foundation is a nonprofit , charitable foundation and as such is not subject to the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , it takes children 's privacy very seriously .
The Nemours Foundation and TeensHealth do not sell the information sent to it , whether by children or anyone else .
In addition to collecting information about your use of our website ( see " Privacy " ) , TeensHealth also collects personally identifiable information through services offered on our site :  Email newsletters , administered through ExactTarget , which are opt-in , and contain links to content on the site .
Quick Polls , administered through Polldaddy , which are opt-in polls inviting readers to submit their opinion .
Surveys , administered through SurveyMonkey , which are opt-in surveys inviting readers to submit their opinion .
Our Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information .
Sometimes , children write TeensHealth with a personal medical question .
As stated elsewhere , TeensHealth generally does not answer such questions and does not collect email addresses on the Contact Us form in order to be able to respond .
However , there are times when a visitor includes an email address and a physician believes it is advisable to ask a follow-up question or offer a comment , for instance , in the case of a life-threatening condition .
Only in these rare and serious instances will TeensHealth respond to an individual communication or take action on the information .
TeensHealth employs reasonable security measures to protect the personal information You submit to it .
Such security involves the use of SSL-secured Web forms , firewalls , and other commonly employed security methods .
TeensHealth welcomes Your comments on its site and content .
However , You acknowledge that if You send us creative suggestions , ideas , notes , drawings , concepts , inventions , or other information ( collectively , the " Information " ) , the Information shall be deemed , and shall remain , the property of TeensHealth .
By submission of any Information to us , You assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such Information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever , commercial or otherwise , without compensation to You .
As a user of this site , You are responsible for Your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting .
Therefore , do not do any of the following things : transmit to us material that is copyrighted , unless You are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it ; send material that reveals trade secrets , unless You own them or have the permission of the owner ; send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others ; send material that is obscene , defamatory , threatening , harassing , abusive , hateful , or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity ; send sexually explicit images ; send advertisements or solicitations of business ; send chain letters or pyramid schemes ; or impersonate another person .
TeensHealth reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to this site for violating these terms or the law and reserves the right to remove any communications from this site .
The violation of any of the terms and conditions set forth on this Terms and Conditions page shall result in the immediate revocation of Your right to use the content and obligates You to immediately destroy any copies of the content in Your possession .
Articles and features published on this site undergo a rigorous editorial process that includes extensive review by medical professionals .
However , all information on this site is for educational purposes only .
For specific medical advice , diagnoses , and treatment , consult Your doctor .
The editorial staff makes every effort to be as neutral as possible with regard to gender , race , color , religion , and age .
Within the articles , the site takes turns referring to infants , children , and teens as " he " or " she. "  
Remember that even if an article says he or she , it is referring to male and female infants , children , and teens , unless otherwise specified .
This site contains links to websites owned by third parties .
These links appear as resources associated with individual articles .
These resources are listed on a separate page and users are cautioned at the top of these pages that clicking links to listed resources will take them off the TeensHealth site .
These links are provided solely as a convenience to You and are not an endorsement by TeensHealth of the contents of those other sites .
TeensHealth is not responsible for the content of any linked sites and makes no representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites .
If You decide to visit any third-party sites using links from this site , You do so at Your own risk .
Occasionally , in a scam known as " phishing , " mass emailers will send messages that claim to be from TeensHealth .
They may use our name , logo , or employee email addresses in fraudulent emails trying to obtain valuable information from consumers and businesses .
These con artists know that people trust TeensHealth .
That 's why they may use our name or that of some other well-known organization to trick people into believing that they are dealing with a legitimate request for personal information .
These fraudulent emails often create a false sense of urgency intended to prompt the recipient to take action .
TeensHealth does not send out unsolicited emails or commercial endorsements , and does not ask for detailed personal information .
If you get this sort of email appearing to be from TeensHealth , you should assume that it is fraudulent and avoid clicking any link within the email .
TeensHealth does not warrant that the site will operate error-free or that the site or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material .
If Your use of the site or the site 's material results in the need for servicing or replacing of equipment or data , TeensHealth shall not be responsible for those costs .
This site and its material are provided on an " as is " basis without any warranties of any kind .
TEENSHEALTH , TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW , DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES , INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY ,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES ' RIGHTS , AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages IN NO EVENT SHALL TEENSHEALTH , ITS EDUCATIONAL PARTNERS , OR ANY THIRD PARTIES
MENTIONED IN
THE SITE CONTENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ( INCLUDING ,
WITHOUT LIMITATION , INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES , LOST PROFITS , OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY
TO USE MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE OR
SITES LINKED
TO THIS WEBSITE ,
WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY , CONTRACT , TORT , OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY , AND WHETHER TEENSHEALTH IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
The contents of this site , including , without limitation , text , graphics , images , and other content ( the " Content " ) are owned by or licensed to TeensHealth and are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws .
Unauthorized use of the Content violates copyright , trademark , and other laws .
You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy You make of such material .
You may not sell or modify our Content or reproduce , display , distribute , or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose .
Use of the Content on any other website or in a networked environment is prohibited .
For permission to reprint or link to TeensHealth content , see our Permissions Guidelines .
This site originates from within the United States .
TeensHealth does not claim that the Content on this site is appropriate or may be used outside of the United States .
Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries .
If You access the site from outside the United States , You do so at Your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction .
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware , without respect to its conflict of laws principles .
You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts situated in the State of Delaware with respect to any dispute , disagreement , or cause of action related to or involving this site .
If any provision is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions , which shall remain in full force and effect .
No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term .
Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this site , these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between You and TeensHealth with respect to Your use of this site .
TeensHealth and TeensHealth.org are trademarks of The Nemours Foundation .
