Privacy Policy For the privacy policy of MONEY , FORTUNE , or FORTUNE Small Business magazine , operated by Time , Inc. , please click the appropriate link : MONEY FORTUNE FORTUNE Small Business Thank you for visiting CNNMoney.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( " Turner " ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turner 's network of affiliated websites ( " Turner Network " ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates .
At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites .
A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT&T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications
, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the ' likes ' you make , etc. )  
to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity .
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement .
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure .
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site .
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties .
To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content .
Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as " Flash cookies " ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation .
Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser .
You can access your Flash management tools from Adobe 's website directly .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include " do not track " instructions .
However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information .
Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you .
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known .
Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites .
For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use " web beacons " to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest .
It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the " cookies " stored in your browser .
We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads .
To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page .
Turner is a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the " DAA " ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) at the NAI site .
Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally .
In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate .
The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online .
Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided .
You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information .
For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service .
E-mail Administration Turner Broadcasting System , Inc .
Attention :
Privacy One CNN Center , 13 North Atlanta , GA 30303 email : privacy.cnn @
turner.com
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in November , 2013 .
Link to top Introduction
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 11 , 2012 .
This web sites which are located at the domain cnbc.com ( the " Site " ) are operated by CNBC LLC ( " CNBC " or we or our or us ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you , what we do with it , with whom we share it , and how you can correct or change such information .
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully , especially before providing any personal data through the Site .
This Site is operated in and controlled from the United States of America .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Site , or if you wish to unsubscribe from Site services for which you have previously registered , please contact us at customercare @
support.cnbc.com or at the address at the end of this policy .
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY .
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE .
Personal Data :
Personally Identifiable Information ( Personal Data ) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual , such as your name , email address , home address , phone number and credit card information .
This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site , for example when you register for our Subscription Services , including without limitation
, CNBC Plus ; subscribe for newsletters ; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards ; participate in chat rooms , blogs or other user forums ; respond to polls or surveys ; purchase merchandise via the Site ; register for sweepstakes , contests and other promotional opportunities ; or seek help from our customer service departments .
We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline , or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices ( Other Services ) .
Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical , you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us .
We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties , such as credit agencies .
Aggregate and Anonymous Data :
Aggregate and anonymous data are information collected automatically through the operation of the Site ( " AA Data " ) .
We may collect site usage data ( such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence ) through the use of various technologies .
For example , we collect IP addresses from individuals who visit the Site .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web . Web servers , the computers that " serve up " Web pages , automatically identify your computer by its IP address , and when you request a page from a website , its servers log your IP address .
We do not link IP addresses to any Personal Data , so although your session will be logged , you will remain anonymous to us and the Site .
We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and connection information such as browser type or version .
During some visits , we may use software tools , such as Javascript , to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages , page interaction information , and methods used to browse away from the page .
Like many sites , we use " cookies " or other similar technologies to collect AA Data .
A cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site .
Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience , for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , allowing you to visit member only portions of the Site without re-registering , and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry , such as sweepstakes .
Similarly , if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions , using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order ( Clickstream Data ) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
If you prefer , you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent , but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so .
In addition , we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIFs or similar means ( collectively , Pixel Tags ) embedded in the Site 's content .
A Pixel Tag is an electronic image , often a single pixel ( 1x1 ) , that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors ' hard drives .
This information is anonymous data .
Personal Data :
We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided .
For example , if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter or a text messaging service , to enter a contest or a sweepstake , or to purchase goods or services , we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services .
We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features , services and other offerings that may be of interest to you .
We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give those businesses your name or address .
Under certain circumstances ( for example if you win a contest ) we may post your Personal Data on the Site .
We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and , if possible , when the Personal Data is posted .
Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you .
If any AA Data are linked with Personal Data , the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data .
AA Data :
We may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis .
In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services , CNBC often conducts research on its customer demographics , interests and behavior based on Personal Data we gather .
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data , it does not identify you personally .
CNBC may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties , including its affiliates , agents , and current and prospective business partners .
We may use AA Data collected from the Site for site administration , advertising and promotional purposes , and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes .
For example , IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide AA Data to advertisers about the volume of use on the Site , and Clickstream Data and demographic AA Data may be shared with our advertisers and business partners .
We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess technology that allows the Site to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Site .
This data ( including Clickstream Data about your activities on our Site ) may be shared with these companies for this purpose .
Disclosure to Affiliates : Personal Data collected by this Site may be shared with our affiliates which include other entities owned or controlled by NBCUniversal Media , LLC ( " NBCUniversal " ) .
We reserve the right to share both Personal Data with our affiliates .
If you do not want us to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies for their marketing purposes , you may opt-out of such sharing by contacting us at customercare @
support.cnbc.com ( see Your Choices below )  
Disclosure to Third Parties :
CNBC , like many businesses , sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing wireless services , mailing information and processing payments .
When we employ a third party to perform these functions , that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data
it needs to perform its function , and is required to protect the Personal Data .
With your consent , we may also share Personal Data with pre-screened third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes .
We will provide you with an opportunity to elect or decline these services or opportunities ( see Your Choices below ) .
In the event you have elected to unsubscribe from any of our services , we will share your Personal Data with third parties with whom we jointly offer such services solely to the extent necessary to ensure that your request not to receive such communications is honored .
In addition , for third-party sponsored sweepstakes , contests or promotions , we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request .
When you register on the Site you will be able to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing on the Member Center page .
Disclosure to Others :
In addition , we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to : ( 1 ) protect the legal rights , privacy or safety of CNBC , or its subsidiaries , affiliates or its or their employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( 7 ) comply with the law or legal process .
If NBCUniversal or CNBC sells all or part of this Site or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , we may , in our sole discretion , transfer , sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction .
Upon such transfer , the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data .
This Site includes third-party advertising .
These third parties ' websites and advertisers , or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf , may use technology to send ( or serve ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They also automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser , including your cookie information .
They may also use cookies , Javascript , Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements , collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements , and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad or to customize the advertising content you see ( but not your name , address , or other Personal Data ) .
CNBC lets the companies that show advertisements on the Site , set and access their cookies on your computer .
The third parties ' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies .
For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies , and how to " opt out " of information collection by these companies , we suggest you visit http : //doubleclick.net/privacy_policy or http : //networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .
Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site .
For instance , clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site .
Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement .
These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways
that this Site would not .
Once you 've left this Site , this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Data or any other data collected from or provided by you .
You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how that site will handle such data .
You can use the Site and certain Other Services without providing any Personal Data , but if you decline to provide Personal Data , you may not be able to use certain services or features .
If you have previously provided Personal Data to the Site and have subscribed to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from the Site and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , visiting the Member Center section of the Site or contacting us at : customercare @
support.cnbc.com .
You may opt-out of receiving offers from us and related products and services offered by third parties by adjusting your Site preferences at our Member Center link on the home page .
If you ask that we stop using your Personal Data , we will honor that request .
However we will retain records of your Personal Data as needed in order to comply with applicable federal , state , or local law .
If you would like to review , correct or change the Personal Data that you have previously provided us , please go to the Member Center section of the Site and follow the appropriate instructions or contact us at customercare @
support.cnbc.com .
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children .
At various places on the Site or Other Services , we may ask users for their age .
By using the Site or Other Services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age .
Children under the age of 13 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Data on the Site or Other Services .
Please remember that information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information .
Use caution when posting .
Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public .
Please see our Terms of Service for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site or Other Services .
CNBC takes reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Data that you choose to provide against the loss , misuse , alteration or unauthorized access of such information .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under the control of CNBC to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
While we strive to protect your Personal Data , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us .
Any such transmission is done at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us of the problem by contacting us at customercare @
support.cnbc.com .
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to CNBC on or through this Site or Other Services .
Please see our Terms of Service for our policies regarding such Unsolicited Information .
All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential , and CNBC shall be free to reproduce , use , disclose and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution .
Your access to and use of this Site or Other Services is subject to the Terms of Service .
We control and operate this Site from the United States .
The Site is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make revisions to the way we collect or use Personal Data , we may provide notice of those changes by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of the Site or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on the Site .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through the Site .
By continuing to use the Site following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Site .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , Personal Data gathered by this Site or Other Services , or about the operation of this Site or Other Services , or if you wish to unsubscribe from the Site or Other Services , please contact us at customercare @
support.cnbc.com , or at the address listed below .
cnbc.com Customer Care Department 900 Sylvan Avenue Englewood Cliffs , NJ 07632 PRIVACY STATEMENT REVISED AS OF OCTOBER 30 , 2013
About Our Privacy Statement
The Weather Underground , LLC ( " Weather Underground " ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information .
" Services " include Weather Underground 's wunderground.com website , wxquickie.com , weatherquicke.com , wundermap.com ( the " Sites " ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which Weather Underground provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , downloadable software applications ( including Desktop Gadget and Dashboard Widget desktop applications ) , mobile web sites , mobile downloadable applications including WunderRadio , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , SMS messaging , and delivery of Weather Underground and WunderRadio content to you at your request. )  
" Services " also includes alert products .
We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in Weather Underground 's products and services .
In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , Weather Underground may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " ) from you including your name , e-mail address , address , and phone number .
For example , we collect PII when you become a member , sign up your weather station or webcam or weather radio , sign up for email or text alerts , sign up for our API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , the Weather Desktop Gadget desktop application .
Other examples of when we collect personally identifiable information are when you :  Complete a survey Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information
Submit a photo to WunderPhoto Report
your weather conditions Participate in an online forum or community , Request tweets from us , or Customize the Services .
We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as :  Specific geographic location where you are currently located Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about the applications on your device Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Device identifier Carrier Browser Type Browser Identifier Referring URL Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions
In the case of participation in a chat session , we require that you use the handle you selected when you registered .
Please be aware that chat sessions are recorded and may be monitored .
Any information including personally identifiable information , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the information , including personally identifiable information , you choose to submit in these forums .
Content Submissions .
If you upload or rate photos in WunderPhoto or blog comments , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a handle and email address .
If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions to WunderPhoto and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content will become publicly available .
Location Information .
In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location .
For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state .
latitude and longitude , country , neighborhood name , beach location , or zip code .
To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services .
You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your mobile device .
If you have the WunderRadio mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the " Settings " menu in the application and toggling location services off .
Toggling location services off may also disable certain services in the application .
Alerts and notifications .
In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates .
To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered .
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you .
Except as described below , Weather Underground does not rent , sell or share personally identifiable information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies .
A. Weather Underground and its Affiliates
We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services .
We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you .
If you sign up for communications from Weather Underground , they may also contain offers from third parties .
At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive special offers from Weather Underground and its affiliates .
If you choose to opt in , Weather Underground and its affiliates will use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Weather Underground and its affiliates , including The Weather Channel , LLC , WSI Corporation and Weather Central , LP .
These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel .
B .
Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services
At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors .
With your permission , Weather Underground will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile .
In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them .
You will always have the opportunity to opt- out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email .
In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services .
In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer .
When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested .
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties .
You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying personally identifiable information to them .
C .
Third-Party Processors
When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with a selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( " Third Party Processors " ) .
These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online WunderStore , that process credit card information or handle shipping for Weather Underground , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/ or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them .
We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services .
Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for Weather Underground .
We require that the third party processors securely store the personally identifiable information we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential .
D .
Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links
Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities .
In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer .
In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting .
In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities .
These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices .
The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information .
Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook and Twitter .
You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services .
By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use .
Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services .
Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services .
Weather Underground does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information .
For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services .
As Weather Underground does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements .
E. Use by us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies Weather Underground and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful .
These Internet technologies include :  IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet .
Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device .
Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags .
HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device .
Information that Weather Underground collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you .
Weather Underground uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services .
In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties .
For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below .
Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage .
If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly .
Weather Underground contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies .
These Third Party Processors include Google Analytics , Paypal , and Omniture .
F. Use of Cookie , Web Beacon and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers and Analytics Companies Weather Underground works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users .
These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads .
These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit .
This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services .
You should be aware that The Weather Underground does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them .
For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites : DoubleClick : http : //doubleclick.net/privacy_pilocy , Nielsen : http : //www.nielsen-netratings.com/privacy/sitecensus.htm Quantcast : https : //www.quantcast.com
/how-we-do-it/consumer-choice/privacy-policy/ Flurry : http :
//www.flurry.com
/privacy-policy.html Google Analytics : http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html Omniture : http : //www.omniture.com/
static/61 comScore and its affiliate , Scorecard Research : http : //www.scorecardresearch.com/Priv.html http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http : //www.aboutads.info/choices
These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices .
You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out .
You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application .
G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses Weather Underground continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company .
If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale .
If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information .
If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail , if you have provided us an email address , and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
H .
Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Underground believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Terms and Conditions of Use ; or iv ) where otherwise required by law .
If you choose to use our service that allows you to e-mail parts of our Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e- mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements .
This information is not used for any other purpose .
Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list .
If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available .
We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose .
If you receive an offer or promotion from Weather Underground or a third party related to Weather Underground , you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by Weather Underground presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your personally identifiable information , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your profile online at the member settings page or within the settings of a particular application or you may contact us directly at wuhelp @ wunderground.com .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at wuhelp @ wunderground.com .
Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Weather Underground is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any personally identifiable information .
The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children .
The linked sites and services are not under the control of Weather Underground .
We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children .
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services .
Weather Underground , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen .
By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States .
Keeping the information you provide to Weather Underground secure is important to us .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data .
Of course , although Weather Underground uses standard industry practices to protect your personally identifiable information , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your personally identifiable information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties .
Weather Underground reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
All changes to this policy will be posted on our Web site prior to the time they take effect .
In the event that we make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
The Weather Underground , LLC P.O .
Box 724554 Atlanta , GA 31139 DATA FEEDS
If you connect to Wunderground Data Feed , you will be able to pull and to decode weather related data from the non-public website of Weather Underground , Inc .
( " WUI " ) .
Your access to Wunderground Data Feed , and your use of the data pulled from Wunderground Data Feed , is subject to the Terms of Use generally applicable to all features of www.wunderground.com .
( the " Site " )  
In addition , because of the special features of Wunderground Data Feed , by accessing and viewing information from Wunderground Data Feed you agree to be bound by these special terms : ( 1 ) you will not modify the data from Wunderground Data Feed in any way ; ( 2 ) you will not modify the link structure to Wunderground Data Feed ; ( 3 ) you will not modify WUI 's logo that is included in the data ; and ( 4 ) in all uses of the data , you will credit WUI by name as the source of the data .
As with all data that you access from the Site , the data that you pull from Wunderground Data Feed may only be used by you for personal , non-commercial purposes .
If you want to use that data for commercial purposes , contact us through the Site and we will supply you with rate information for commercial customers .
If you violate any of the general or specific terms applicable to Wunderground Data Feed , WUI has the right to terminate your use of the Site and the Data Feed and to take appropriate legal actions against you .
WUI reserves the right to change these general or special terms at any time by posting on the Site .
You understand and agree that your use of the Site and Wunderground Data Feed is a benefit voluntarily given by WUI and that WUI may withdraw that benefit and rescind your participation at any time for any reason in its sole discretion .
If you do not agree to these general and special terms , you can not use Wunderground Data Feed or the services and information offered therein .
Privacy Policy News Life Media Pty Ltd ( News ) recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers .
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement , the word customers includes visitors to our web sites , subscribers to and users of our services , purchasers of our products and advertising customers .
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988
( Cth ) in relation to the handling of personal information .
Where appropriate we will handle personal information relying on the media exemption ( but complying with the Australian Press Council Privacy Standards ) , related bodies corporate exemption and the employee exemption in the Privacy Act .
We collect personal information when we provide our services to you .
Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information .
We usually collect personal information directly from you although sometimes we may use agents or service providers to do this for us .
We may also acquire lists from other sources , both from other companies and from other public documents .
We may automatically collect personal information by collecting and tracking the unique device identifier or the universally unique identifier of the devices you use to access our services .
If you access or log-in to one of our services through a third party social media service or connect your use of our service to a third party social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the third party social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have disclosed in connection with that social media service .
We do not collect your passwords other than in relation to our own services .
When you access our services through third party social media services or when you connect your use of our service to third party social media services , you are authorizing us to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We usually collect personal information such as your name , address , telephone number , and in some instances , your financial details .
When you are online , we collect information regarding the pages within our network which you visit and what you click on .
As a general rule we do not collect sensitive information .
However , if we do , it will usually be for the purposes of providing our goods or services and if the law requires us to , we will seek your consent to collect it .
We use your information to provide our services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) to you , to fulfil administrative functions associated with these services , for example billing , credit and account management , to enter into contracts with you or third parties and for marketing and client relationship purposes .
Where your personal information is contained within an advertisement which we publish for you , we may also use your information for publication of that same advertisement in other media , in accordance with the terms and conditions of the initial publication .
Where your personal information is contained in a user generated post or in a communication to an editor or journalist , we may publish your name and suburb to identify you as the author of the comment/correspondence if we choose to publish your comment/correspondence in any media .
We may share your information with other companies which are related to News Corp Australia within or outside of Australia .
We or they may also , in addition to the other uses described in this policy or as permitted at law , use your personally identifiable information to assist us in improving our products and services and any of us might be in touch to let you know about goods , services , or promotions which may interest you .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with any of our services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your comments with other users of our services and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your account for any of our services with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your account for any of our services and do not participate in social sharing on any of our services .
We may disclose your personal information in order to comply with Australian or foreign law .
News may disclose your information to its service providers ( including technical infrastructure providers ) and contractors ( including mail houses or debt collection agencies ) from time to time but only to help us to provide , improve and market our goods and services .
We may also share your information with third parties who provide prizes for competitions or reader offers .
If we do any of these , we generally require the third parties to protect your information at least to the same degree that we do .
If you have consented to us doing so , News may also share your information with a third party for the purpose of enabling those third parties to contact you with marketing messages .
We may collect and use certain non-personal information ( e.g. , the identity of your Internet browser , the type of operating system you use , your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider ) to optimise our goods and services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) including our Web pages for your computer .
We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes , including but not limited to improving the content of our sites .
News may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to improve our goods and services including our Web sites and make them more responsive to the needs of our customers .
This statistical compilation and analysis of information may also be used by News or provided to others as a summary report for marketing , advertising or research purposes .
News strives to ensure the security , integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information of our customers .
We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse , loss or unauthorised use or disclosure .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure .
You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why .
To request access , please contact our privacy officer as set out at the end of this document .
Any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information .
While News strives to protect and respect your privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board .
Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies can facilitate a user 's ongoing access to and use of a site .
They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising .
If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature .
But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions or registered services .
News may establish relationships with business partners that allow visitors to our Internet sites to link directly to sites operated by these partners .
Some of these sites may be " co-branded " with our logo ; however , these sites may not be operated or maintained by or on our behalf .
These sites may collect personal information from you that may be shared with us .
This Privacy Statement will apply to any personal information we obtain in this manner .
News is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our sites .
These links are meant for the user 's convenience only .
Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship , endorsement or approval by News of the content , policies or practices of those third party sites .
Once you have left our site via such a link , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site .
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session .
This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet caf .
You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer .
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the internet .
Please contact our Privacy Officer to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy .
Privacy Officer , News Corp Australia privacy @
news.com.au 2 Holt Street , Surry Hills , NSW 2010 +
612 9288 3000 We may amend our privacy policy from time to time and personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently stated policy .
We will post all changes on this page
so you should revisit this page from time to time to see any changes .
The date of the last update will inform you as to whether there have been changes since your last visit .
Last updated :
21 June 2013 Web Site Privacy Policy General Inquiries :
For general inquiries , contact the Houston Chronicle operator at ( 713 ) 362-7171 .
( a )
This privacy policy describes how Houston Chronicle Publishing Company , a division of Hearst Newspapers , LLC , publisher of the Houston Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , " Newspaper " ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , " Covered Sites " ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an " Affiliate " , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a " Covered Site " and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
( d )
Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
( a ) Information You Provide .
Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
( b ) Cookies .
( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( " Anonymous Information " ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
( ii )
Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
( iii )
If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html .
( c ) Gifs .
We may use " clear GIFs " ( aka " web beacons " or " pixel tags " ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
( d ) IP Address .
Your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
( e ) Location Information .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( " WAP Services " ) or mobile phone service ( " Mobile Services " ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
( f ) Third Parties .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newpaper .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
( c )
Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( " User Registration " ) .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
( d )
In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q&A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising .
( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
( a )
In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
( i )
We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( " Service Provider Exception " ) .
( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
( iii )
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper .
( iv )
In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
( vi )
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc. )
; ( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the " Legal Exceptions " ) .
( viii )
In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( " Acquisition Exception " ) .
( b ) Social Networks .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( " SNS " ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( " SNS Terms " ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
( c ) Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
One of oour third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC .
The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry .
Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http : //newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information .
( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content .
( i )
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner , our third party advertising companies please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .
You may also visit http :
//alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
You can find out more about our video ads by visiting www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html.
( ii )
In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : http : //alc-opt-out.com .
( a ) California Users :
Your California Privacy Rights ..  
California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN :
Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
( b ) Mobile Opt-out .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( " SMS Service " ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying " STOP " or following the instructions provided in the message .
( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at https
: //myaccount.houstonchronicle.com/SecurePage/EmailNotification.aspx if you are a print subscriber , and/or http :
//reg.chron.com/users/852557/edit if you have registered for email notifications on Chron.com .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN :
Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties ( if we have your email contact information ) , you may notify us at privacy @ chron.com .
If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN :
Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please
follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
( e ) Exceptions .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
( f ) Device Settings .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
Last Update :
August 21 , 2013 Privacy Policy Last Updated : November 18 , 2013 Bloomberg L.P. ( " BLP " ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively " Bloomberg " ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) .
BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc .
For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion .
This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you .
We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here .
You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here .
Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you .
Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase .
Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law .
BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use " cookies , " Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites .
This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site .
BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc .
However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information .
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources .
If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer
you use to surf the Web .
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device .
The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data .
You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web .
Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc. ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one .
Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device .
However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests .
BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites .
Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you .
We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site .
The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
For information about online behavioral advertising networks and how to " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( " NAI " ) member networks , please click here .
Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by the NAI member networks , you will still receive online advertising .
BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site .
For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here .
BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( " Third-Party Provider " ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here .
Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated .
If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use .
Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy .
BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly .
The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg .
Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies .
Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers .
BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information .
To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service .
To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here .
While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws .
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country .
By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers .
BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites .
Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites .
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here .
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please send an email with your first name , last name , mailing address , email address and telephone number to privacy @
bloomberg.com .
Please include " California Privacy Rights " in the Subject line of your email .
You may also make such a request by writing to us at :
Bloomberg L.P. Attn : Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York , NY 10022
BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page .
Such changes will be effective upon posting .
Fairfax Privacy Policy
In this policy , " us " , " we " or " our " means Fairfax Media Limited ( ABN 15 008 663 161 ) and its related bodies corporate .
This policy sets out : what kind of information we collect ; how we collect it ; why we collect it ; how we use it ; how we disclose it ; opting in and out ; management and security ; how to seek access to and update your personal information ; and how to contact us .
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cwth ) ( subject to exemptions that apply to us under that Act ) .
We may , from time to time , review and update this policy , including to take account of new or amended laws , new technology and/or changes to our operations .
All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated policy .
This policy was last updated in January 2011 .
In general , the personal information we collect about you includes ( but is not limited to ) your name , contact details ( including phone numbers and addresses ) and possibly financial information , including your credit card information .
We also collect information about you that is not personal information .
For example , we may collect data relating to your activity on our websites ( including IP addresses ) via tracking technologies such as cookies , or we may collect information from you in response to a survey .
We generally use this information to report statistics , analyse trends , administer our services , diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services .
To the extent this information does not constitute personal information , the National Privacy Principles do not apply and we may use this information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever .
We generally advise that you do not publish or communicate personal information , or at least limit the personal information that you publish or communicate , to the public via our services , such as in our classifieds , forums or blogs ( Non-Confidential Information ) .
You acknowledge that we can not control any third party collection or use of your Non-Confidential Information .
You agree that we may use and disclose Non-Confidential Information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever .
We may collect your personal information from a variety of sources , including from you , advertisers , mailing lists , recruitment agencies , contractors and business partners .
We may collect your personal information when you request or acquire a product or service from us , register with us as a member , provide a product or service to us , complete a survey or questionnaire , enter a competition or event , contribute in a fundraising event , participate in our services ( including our radio programs , blogs and forums ) or when you communicate with us by e-mail , telephone or in writing ( for example if you contact customer service to make a complaint or provide feedback ) .
If , at any time , you provide personal or other information about someone other than yourself , you warrant that you have that person 's consent to provide such information for the purpose specified .
The primary purpose for which we collect information about you is to provide you with products and services you have requested .
We also collect information about you for the purposes outlined below .
We may state a more specific purpose at the point we collect your information .
If you do not provide us with the information that we request , we may not be able to provide you with our products or services .
For example , if you do not register as a member of a website , you will not be able to access features or services that are reserved for members only .
In addition to the primary purpose outlined above , we may use the personal information we collect , and you consent to us using your personal information : to provide you with news and information about our products and services ; to send marketing and promotional material that we believe you may be interested in .
This material may relate to any of Fairfax 's businesses or a third party business which we believe may be of interest to you ; for purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of goods and services to you ; to personalise and customise your experiences ; to manage and enhance our products and services ; to communicate with you , including by email , mail or telephone ; to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of Fairfax and selected third parties ; to verify your identity ; to investigate any complaints about or made by you , or if we have reason to suspect that you are in breach of any of our terms and conditions or that you are or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity ; and/or as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) .
We may disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to other members of the Fairfax Group ( in which case , your personal information will be collected , used , disclosed , managed and stored in accordance with this policy ) .
We may also disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to third parties :
engaged by us to perform functions or provide products and services on our behalf , such as newsagents , processing credit card information , mailouts , debt collection , marketing , research and advertising ; that are our agents , business partners or joint venture entities or partners ; that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via our services ; authorised by you to receive information held by us ; as part of any investigation into you or your activity , for example , if we have reason to suspect that you have committed a breach of any of our terms and conditions , or have otherwise been engaged in any unlawful activity , and we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to the Police , any relevant authority or enforcement body , or your Internet Service Provider or network administrator ; as part of a sale ( or proposed sale ) of all or part of our business ; and/or as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) .
At the point we collect information from you , you may be asked to opt in to consent to us using or disclosing your personal information other than in accordance with this policy or any applicable law .
For example , you may be asked to opt-in to receive further information or communications from our advertisers and supporters which do not fall into one of the categories described above .
You will generally be given the opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from us or from third parties that send communications to you in accordance with this policy .
For example , you will be given the option to unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other marketing or promotional material sent by us .
You may opt out from receiving these communications by either clicking on an unsubscribe link at the end of an email or by updating your personal details on our Member Centre page .
You may also cancel your account on our Member Centre page .
If you receive communications purporting to be connected with us or our services that you believe have been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy , or in breach of any law , please write to us using this form .
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee the management of personal information in accordance with this policy and the Privacy Act .
Other than in relation to Non-Confidential Information , we will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse , loss , or unauthorised access , including by means of firewalls , pass word access , secure servers and encryption of credit card transactions .
However , you acknowledge that the security of online transactions and the security of communications sent by electronic means or by post can not be guaranteed .
You provide information to us via the internet or by post at your own risk .
We can not accept responsibility for misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information where the security of information is not within our control .
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party ( including third parties that we are permitted to disclose your personal information to in accordance with this policy or any applicable laws ) .
The collection and use of your information by such third party/ies may be subject to separate privacy and security policies .
If you suspect any misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information , please let us know immediately .
Subject to some exceptions in the Privacy Act , you have the right to seek access to and update the personal information we hold about you .
If you make an access request , we will ask you to verify your identity .
We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request .
Members of our websites will generally be able to access and update their membership details online .
We request that you keep your information as current as possible so that we may continue to improve our service to you .
If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you , or if you have any questions or complaints about how we collect , use , disclose , manage or store your personal information , you can contact the department that collected your personal information in the first instance , or write to :  Privacy Officer GPO Box 506 Sydney NSW 2001
Tracking and Targeting Policy Fairfax
Facebook App privacy policy Privacy policy at SFGate
Privacy Policy General Inquiries For general inquiries , contact the Chronicle operator .
415-777-1111
Toll-free USA 800-247-6642 ( a ) This privacy policy describes how San Francisco Chronicle , a division of Hearst Communications , Inc. , publisher of the San Francisco Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , " Newspaper " ) , treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , " Covered Sites " ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an " Affiliate " , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a " Covered Site " and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
( d )
Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
( a ) Information You Provide .
Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
( b ) Cookies .
( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( " Anonymous Information " ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
( ii )
Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
( iii )
If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html .
( c ) Gifs .
We may use " clear GIFs " ( aka " web beacons " or " pixel tags " ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
( d ) IP Address .
Your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
( e ) Location Information .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( " WAP Services " ) or mobile phone service ( " Mobile Services " ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
( f ) Third Parties .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newspaper .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
( c )
Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( " User Registration " ) .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any User Registration .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
( d )
In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q&A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising .
( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
( a )
In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
( i )
We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( " Service Provider Exception " ) .
( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
( iii )
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper .
( iv )
In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
( vi )
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc. ) ;  
( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the " Legal Exceptions " ) .
( viii )
In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( " Acquisition Exception " ) .
( b ) Social Networks .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( " SNS " ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( " SNS Terms " ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
( c ) Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
One of our third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC .
The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry .
Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http : //newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information .
( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content .
( i )
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .
You may also visit sfgate.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
You can find out more about our video ads by visiting http : //www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html .
( ii )
In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : privacy @
sfgate.com .
( a ) California Users :
Your California Privacy Rights ..  
California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at SFGate , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco or contact us at privacy @ sfgate.com .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
( b ) Mobile Opt-out .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( " SMS Service " ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying " STOP " or following the instructions provided in the message .
( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at sfgate.com .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to San Francisco Chronicle , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 or contacting us at privacy @
sfgate.com .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties ( if we have your email contact information ) , you may notify us at privacy @
sfgate.com .
If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to San Francisco Chronicle , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 or contacting us at privacy @
sfgate.com .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please
follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
( e ) Exceptions .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
( f ) Device Settings .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
Last Update : October 18 , 2012
The National Geographic Society and our subsidiary , NGHT , LLC , which also is known as nationalgeographic.com ( collectively , National Geographic , we or our ) understand the importance of our customers ' privacy .
This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect about you when you visit this website ( our Site ) or use an online application that contains a link to this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy also tells you how we use , share and protect this information ; what choices you have about how this information is used ; and how you can access and update this information .
Our Site offers certain content , activities , games and services , which are referred to as the Services .
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on the Site where this Privacy Policy is posted , with the exception of the sections of this Site that are intended for visits from children under the age of 13 , including www.nationalgeographic.com/kids , www.littlekids.nationalgeographic.com , and certain online features specifically designed for kids .
In recognition of the need to provide additional privacy protections for children , we have a separate privacy policy that applies to those sections .
To read the Kids ' privacy policy , please click here .
Certain aspects of this Privacy Policy also apply to the personally identifiable information we collect offline .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , personally identifiable information means information that identifies and can be used to contact a particular individual , such as name , postal address , email address , and phone number .
When other information , such as email newsletter choices , magazine or product purchases , or consumer product preferences , is associated with personally identifiable information , this other information also becomes personally identifiable information .
Information You Provide Directly to National Geographic
If you are interested in obtaining information , products or services from National Geographic , or in participating in certain activities on this Site , you may need to provide us with information about yourself .
For example :  If you order a product from us , we ask for your name , postal address , email address , telephone number and your credit card number .
If you are ordering a product as a gift for another person , we will ask you for that person 's name , postal address and phone number in order to enable us to deliver the gift to the recipient .
If you participate in an activity such as a survey or sweepstakes , we may also ask you to provide other types of information such as gender and personal interests , which we may associate with personally identifiable information that we have obtained about you .
In addition , we may combine personally identifiable information that you have provided to us with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other sources .
Information We Collect Automatically
In addition to information you choose to provide to us , we also use standard Internet technologies to collect automatically certain additional information .
For example : IP Address .
When you come to our Site , we collect your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which identifies the computer or service provider that you use to access the Site .
We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which specific visitors visit various parts of our Site .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information that we have collected to make our Site and our communications to you more targeted to your interests .
Cookies .
Our Site also uses cookies .
Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user 's computer and allow websites to remember information about users .
We use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to enhance the quality of our Site .
We use transient ( also called session ID ) cookies to provide continuity from page to page .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
We also use persistent cookies .
Persistent cookies allow our online store and certain other parts of our Site to recognize your browser when you return after your first visit to that part of our Site .
Cookies allow us to personalize your return visits to our Site and to save you time during certain activities , such as checking out from our online store .
You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
( Each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. )  
It is up to you whether to allow us to send you cookies .
However , if you do not accept cookies from us , your ability to use some areas of our Site will be limited , such as our shopping cart feature or online games .
Web beacons and other technologies .
The Site uses other tracking tools , including web beacons .
Web beacons are images on the Site ( or in emails that the Site sends to you ) that help us determine what parts of the Site you have visited , whether you have opened an email that we have sent to you , or otherwise to measure the effectiveness of the Site .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us or to a service provider authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
Click here for more information about how we use a third party service to collect and use information on this Site .
The information we collect automatically may be combined with information that is personally identifiable so that we can make our Site and communications more interesting to you .
Third-Party Online Advertising
Some of the advertisements you see on this Site and other websites are delivered by third parties who also collect information through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies about your online activities on this and other websites , in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements that are tailored to your interests .
These third parties also may use information about you that we provide , such as your age , gender , or interests , or the features within the Site that you use , to target and serve advertisements to you and to analyze the delivery of advertisements on the Site .
However , we will not provide personally identifiable information about you to these companies , except as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy .
Third parties that currently serve ads on our Site , and thereby may collect information about your online activities to deliver tailored ads , include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick .
These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes .
These and other third-party companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) , which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from member companies .
To opt out or to obtain information about the technologies member companies use or their own privacy policies , please visit the NAI consumer opt out page .
Also , through the Digital Advertising Alliance ( " DAA " ) , several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites .
To make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties , please visit the DAA consumer opt out page .
National Geographic may use information that we collect about you for a variety of business purposes , including : to maintain and manage your account , deliver Services that you have requested , and enhance your experience on our Site ; to process and track your product or service orders and provide the services you request ; to communicate with you about the Site or other products or services in which you may be interested , or to respond to your inquiries or comments ; to perform business analyses or for other purposes to improve the quality of our business , the Site , and the products and services we offer ; or in accordance with your consent .
We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your information .
We will therefore share that information only with the following entities , and only under these circumstances : with entities that provide services on our behalf , including Site development , maintenance and support , payment processing , email distribution , and promotions management , only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law , unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy ; within the National Geographic family , which is defined for this purpose as corporate affiliates of National Geographic ( Affiliates ) and entities that are authorized to use the National Geographic name to brand their products or services ( such as National Geographic tour expeditions , the National Geographic MasterCard , and the National Geographic holiday greeting card program ) ; with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the Site ; with other selected third parties so that they may send you promotional materials about goods and services that they offer , but you have the opportunity to opt out of our sharing personally identifiable information about you as described below in the section entitled Your Choices , and we will not share your email address with third parties for promotional purposes unless you specifically agree to such sharing ; when we believe that doing so is required by law , may be necessary to protect any person 's property , rights , or safety , or to investigate a potential violation of law , will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement , or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business , or in the event of a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale ; in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form ; or in accordance with your consent .
We understand the importance of protecting our customers ' privacy , and we therefore provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used or disclosed for certain purposes .
You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from National Geographic and our Affiliates and our licensees , or request that we not share personally identifiable information about you with third parties for the third parties ' marketing purposes , by contacting us at :  National Geographic Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy 1145 17th Street NW Washington , DC 20036-4688 Telephone : 800-NGS-LINE ( 800-647-5463 ) TDD : 800-548-9797 Outside the United States and Canada :
813-979-6845
You also can change your preferences relating to our email newsletter program by going to www.nationalgeographic.com/register.html or by clicking here .
Because we plan our communications in advance , it may take several weeks for your request to become effective .
If you continue to receive our communications in error after expressing an opt-out preference , please let us know so that we can investigate the situation .
If you click on or interact with a hyperlink or advertisement that you find on the Site , you may leave our Site or send information to a different website .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with other websites , even if you find a link to them on our Site , and so you should read the privacy policy of the third-party website provider to see how your personally identifiable information will be treated on its site .
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us , and we take a number of steps to safeguard any personally identifiable information or credit card information that you provide to us .
We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss , misuse or alteration of your credit card information .
Secure Socket Layers ( SSLs )
encrypt the credit card information sent between your computer and our database .
However , no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure , and therefore we can not warrant or guarantee that such information will never be accessed , used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy .
Some sections of our Site may allow users to post or transmit messages , comments , screen names , computer files and other materials .
If you choose to make personally identifiable information public through these Services , National Geographic will consider that information public and will not limit its disclosure in the manner described here .
Other than certain sections of this Site that are intended for visits from children under the age of 13 including www.kids.nationalgeographic.com and www.littlekids.nationalgeographic.com our Site is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 years old through the Site .
Should a child whom we know to be under 13 make known to us his or her personally identifiable information , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personally identifiable information .
If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under 13 other than in a manner authorized by law , we will delete that information from our database .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the most recent version of the Policy on the Site , along with an indication of the date on which the Policy was amended most recently .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share personally identifiable information that we collect about you through the Site , we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personally identifiable information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy , please write us at :
National Geographic Society Attn :
Marketing Services - Privacy 1145 17th Street NW Washington , DC 20036-4688
This policy was last updated August 1 , 2011 Updated June 28 , 2013 New York Post ( NYP or we ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( apps ) , and widgets ( collectively , the NYP Services ) .
By using the NYP Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
A list of our affiliated companies ( NYP Affiliates ) is available at newscorp.com .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the NYP Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the NYP Services without being registered with or subscribing to an NYP Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to an NYP Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to NYP 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally NYP 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
NYP and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for an NYP Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the NYP Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Information from Social Media .
If you access or log-in to an NYP Service through a social media service or connect an NYP Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the NYP Services through social media services or when you connect an NYP Service to social media services , you are authorizing NYP to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Activity Information .
When you access and interact with the NYP Services , we may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the NYP Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the NYP Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier .
Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the NYP Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support the NYP Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate NYP Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
NYP does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to aboutads.info/choices .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the Help section of your browser for more information .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see here .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the NYP Services .
Information from Other Sources .
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our NYP Affiliates or business partners .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the NYP Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those NYP Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line NYP Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content , and participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs ; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the NYP Services .
NYP may make your information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the NYP Services .
These service providers may not use personal information for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and NYP .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with NYP Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other NYP Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your NYP Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your NYP Services account and do not participate in social sharing on NYP Services .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( Co-Branded Services ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on NYP Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
NYP and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver ads to you when you use the NYP Services or another service .
As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see http : //www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to http : //www.aboutads.info/choices .
To contact you .
NYP may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the NYP Services .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the NYP Services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our NYP Affiliates .
NYP may share your information with NYP Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
A link to a website that lists NYP Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy .
Users who visit NYP Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
NYP may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of NYP and others .
There may be instances when NYP may disclose your information , including situations where NYP has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of NYP , our NYP Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the NYP Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If NYP sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , NYP may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
NYP uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us at onlinehelp @ nypost.com .
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
If you are a California resident , you may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with NYP Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to onlinehelp @ nypost.com with NYPost.com :
Disclosure Opt-out in the subject line and your full name , email address , and postal address in the body of the email .
We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
NYP may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the NYP Services .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
Location of Data .
The NYP Services are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
Linked Services .
The NYP Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
NYP is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the NYP Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
Data Retention .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
Sensitive Information .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the NYP Services or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email
: onlinehelp @
nypost.com Mail :
Privacy Office , New York Post , 1211 Avenue of the Americas , New York , New York
10036
CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date :
January 2nd ,
2014 Note :
The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated .
Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy .
Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc .
( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected .
Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive .
We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles .
Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site .
Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit .
Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  
In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  
Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) .
Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information .
Information we obtain from other sources .
Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive .
Combining Information .
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law .
We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you .
With your consent .
With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners .
For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services .
Authorized third-party service providers .
We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing .
These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose .
Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions .
When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis .
Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list .
Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law .
All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion .
Co-Branded Partners .
Co-
Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature .
You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently .
You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner .
In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner .
Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information .
CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses .
The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
Business transfers .
We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Legal requirements .
We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements .
Protect our Web Sites and users .
We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use .
Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising .
We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings .
This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you .
Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message .
Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements .
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising .
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) .
You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve .
To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page .
Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site .
You also may update or amend your information by contacting us .
If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations .
For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you .
Back To Top
We are committed to protecting your information .
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft .
Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries .
Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law .
The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence .
By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information .
Back To Top
For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom .
Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us .
For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 .
Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 .
In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws .
To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy .
Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions .
Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use .
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety .
We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions .
This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service .
Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site .
Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy .
Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings .
If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting .
If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
Back To Top
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time .
You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc.
235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105
Attn :
Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office .
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern .
Back To Top Privacy Policy Weather.gov > Privacy Policy
This policy covers user privacy , system security , and National Weather Service information collection practices .
This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to National Weather Service web sites .
Some organizations within NOAA may have other information collection practices .
You are encouraged to check Privacy Policies when going to another web site .
These World Wide Web pages are provided as a public service by NOAA 's National Weather Service ( NWS ) .
Information presented on these pages is considered public information and may be distributed or copied .
Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested .
Site Management Data Use of " cookies " Consent to Voluntary Information Collection and Sharing How e-mail is handled
How information is used How long information is retained Interaction with Children Privacy Act System of Records Information Protection Conditions under which the information may be shared with other Federal agencies
Your Rights Under the Privacy Act Dispute Resolution For each HTTP ( which is what your Web browser generates when you request a page or part of a page from a Web site )
request received , we collect and store only the following information : the date and time the originating IP address the type of browser and operating system used ( if provided by the browser ) the URL of the referring page ( if provided by the browser )
the object requested completion status of the request pages visited We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites , and to help us make our sites more useful to visitors .
This includes analyzing these logs periodically to determine the traffic through our servers , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest .
The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers .
Top of Page To better serve our visitors , we use technology to track new and returning visitors actions while on the website .
These small files are commonly referred to as " cookies. "  
Our cookies do n't not contain any personally-identifiable information .
Our customized Weather.gov tool gives visitors the option of customizing and storing a location to be remembered on subsequent visits to Weather.gov .
Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive .
They can serve several functions :  they allow the Web site to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ; they track what information you view at a site ( important to the Department of Commerce to ensure visitors find what they are looking for ) ; in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many Web sites but not the whole Web ; businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ; advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many Web sites ; and they can be used to help a Web site tailor screens for each customer 's preference .
We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law , or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule 20 , which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable .
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie .
You can remove or block the use of web measurement and customization technologies by changing the setting of your browser to block cookies as described at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml .
Top of Page All the information users submit to NWS is done on a voluntary basis .
When a user clicks the " Submit " button on any of the Web forms found on NWS 's sites they are indicating voluntarily consent to the conditions outlined in this policy .
We do not collect personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , phone number , e-mail address ) unless you provide it .
In all cases , the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users .
Any information provided through one of our Web forms is removed from Web servers within seconds , increasing the protection for this information .
Top of Page We use information you send us by e-mail only for the purpose for which it is submitted ( e.g. , to answer a question , to send information ) .
In addition , if you do choose to provide information , it is only used to respond to your request ( e.g. , addressing a package to send you pamphlets or booklets ) or to provide a service you are requesting ( e.g. , email notifications ) .
Information we receive by e-mail is disclosed to the public only pursuant to the laws and policies governing the dissemination of information .
However , information submitted to NWS becomes an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request .
Top of Page
The information NWS collects is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , E-spotter forms , product user survey forms ) .
We make every effort to clearly disclose at the point of collection how information is used and allow our Web site visitor to determine whether they wish to provide the information .
Top of Page We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute , policy or both .
Top of Page The NWS offers educational content to children under 13 .
No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services .
The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users .
Top of Page The NWS does not maintain and retrieve information submitted to it based upon personal identifiers ( name , email addresses , etc. ) .
Consequently , NWS Web sites do not use or collect information for any Privacy Act System of Records .
Top of Page For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web sites .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20 .
Top of Page NWS may share information received from its Web sites with other Federal agencies .
For example , if a breach of our IT security protections were to occur , the information collected by our servers and staff could be shared with appropriate law enforcement and homeland security officials .
Top of Page Privacy Act Reference Materials and NOAA Freedom Of Information Act .
Top of Page
If for some reason you believe this site has not adhered to these principles , please notify the National Weather Service Office of the CIO by e-mail at w-nws.webmaster @
noaa.gov .
If our web pages are not fully in compliance with our stated policies , they will be corrected .
The user agrees that by entering this website , the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of Kasturi & Sons Limited ( KSL ) .
KSL hosts several online publications including " The Hindu " , " Business Line " , " Sportstar " , " Frontline " , etc. , which can be accessed through The Hindu Group 's main website .
This privacy policy is applicable to all of KSL 's " Online Publications " .
User agrees that usage/browsing of the " Online Publications " may lead to the user 's device information , visits to and use of this website ( including [ IP address , geographical location , browser type and version , operating system , referral source , length of visit , page views , website navigation , pixel tag , etc [ hereinafter to be referred to as " information " ] being accessible to KSL and/or third party .
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user 's computer 's hard drive .
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the " Online Publications " on the user 's computer 's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user 's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the " Online Publications " .
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic .
KSL only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from KSL 's system .
Overall , cookies are made to provide the user with a better website , by enabling KSL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not .
A cookie in no way gives access to the user 's computer or any information about the user , other than the data the user chooses to share .
Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [ viz.
Facebook , Google Plus , Pinit etc ] .
However , once the user shares/ uses these links KSL does not have any control over other websites .
Therefore KSL can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites .
Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy .
The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question .
User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user 's own privacy and personal details .
KSL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question .
User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user 's own discretion .
Social media and other platforms may track and save user 's request to share a web page respectively through user 's social media platform and other accounts .
User is invited to submit user comments , questions , ideas , reviews or any other information concerning KSL and the website 's contents , provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation .
KSL reserves the right to remove or edit such content .
All such submissions should not be illegal , obscene , threatening , defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others .
In the event of any grievances user can contact the grievance officer at web.thehindu @ thehindu.co.in or write to us at the following address Kasturi and Sons Limited No
. 859 & 860 Anna Salai , Chennai-600002 India KSL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page .
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy .
Thank you for visiting Indianexpress.com , the website of The Indian Express Group .
We respect your privacy and consider it an important element of our business .
Our privacy policy is straightforward : We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our website ( s ) unless you volunteer to provide that information to us .
This is broadly how we handle the information we gather .
If you visit our website ( s ) just to browse , read pages or download information , but do not register for any of our services , we gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information can not and does not identify you personally .
The kind of information that is gathered automatically include the type of browser you are using ( e.g. Netscape , Internet Explorer ) , the type of Operating System you are using ( e.g. Windows ' 98 or Mac OS ) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider ( e.g. America Online , Satyam Online , Mantra Online , VSNL ) , the date and time of your visit and the pages you visit .
We sometimes use this non-personally identifiable information to improve our website ( s ) design , content and primarily to give you a better browsing experience .
We collect personal information from you only if you provide it voluntarily .
The type of personally identifiable information that may be collected by us include name , address , e-mail address and information about your interests in and use of various services .
For example , you might submit your name and e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletters or to take part in our discussion forum or to send us your feedback .
You might also enter another person 's e-mail address and name and yours when you use our ' Mail This Story ' feature .
The information you provide is not given or sold to any private organisations or private persons .
Our website ( s ) sometimes contain links to other websites whose privacy policies may be different to ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
We also use a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on our pages .
In the course of serving advertisements , our third-party advertiser may place or recognise a unique " cookie " on your browser and may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Our website ( s ) has links to other website ( s ) in the World Wide Web .
The privacy policies of these website ( s ) is not under our control .
Once you leave our servers , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
It is advisable to read their privacy policies for further information .
This is the website of Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC d/b/a PRWeb ( " PRWeb " ) .
Our postal address is Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC 12051 Indian Creek Ct.
Beltsville , MD 20705 PRWeb takes privacy seriously .
As a pioneer of online visibility and search engine optimized press release distribution services , we are committed to establishing and maintaining policies and procedures which protect the privacy of personal information gathered from our customers , prospects and other visitors to our website .
PRWeb is a newswire service which distributes press releases on behalf of our users .
If you decide to submit a press release for distribution through our system we will transmit your entire press release including any personal information therein contained to our media contacts and online distribution points including search engines .
This is the only redistribution of your information that we engage in .
Your submission of press releases through our system indicates consent with this policy .
This Policy applies to all of the products , services and websites offered by PRWeb .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site , you may contact us at https : //console.prweb.com/prweb/support/index.php .
In order for PRWeb to take the appropriate action please describe in reasonable detail the nature of your request or inquiry .
We do not share user information with any third parties other than via press release distribution as described above .
PRWeb may use " cookie " technology to track or record information about our website visitors .
PRWeb requires the use of " cookie " technology so that we can guarantee we 'll present the correct information to users as they move from screen to screen .
PRWeb users who disable their web browser 's ability to accept cookies may not be able to successfully use our service .
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by logging into their account .
The site contains links to other websites .
PRWeb is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites .
You will need to check the policy statement of other websites to understand their policies .
Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information .
It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential .
With respect to security , we employ industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving user data exchanged with our site .
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site .
We do not store credit card information in our systems .
From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change in the future , we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
To keep up-to-date with PRWeb 's policy , please check this page periodically .
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy , you may contact us by sending us an email at http : //service.prweb.com/
contact-us/ .
BREITBART.COM PRIVACY POLICY
At breitbart.com we are committed to protecting your privacy .
Generally , you may visit www.breitbart.com ( our " Site " ) without giving us any information about yourself .
However , there are times when we may need to obtain personal information from you in order to provide certain services that you may request .
This Privacy Policy was developed to help you understand what information we collect as well as how we use and safeguard the information you provide to us on our Site .
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time , so please revisit this page to remain fully informed of our privacy policy .
You can access our home page at www.breitbart.com and browse some areas of our Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information .
We do track information provided to us by your browser , including the web site you came from ( known as the referring URL ) , the type of browser you use , the time and date of access , and other information that does not personally identify you .
In addition , we gather information about you that is automatically collected by our web server , such as your IP address , domain name and pages that you access .
Breitbart.com may use web server and browser information to individually customize its offerings and presentations if you submit your personal information .
We may also collect personal information , including your name , cell phone number , e-mail address , and certain demographic data , only when you choose to voluntarily provide to us such information , such as by registering , making inquiries regarding our services , requesting breaking news alerts , reporting any problems with our Site , providing us with feedback on our Site , or otherwise .
We do not collect information through " cookies " , but our advertisers may collect cookies when you click through the advertisement to their website .
Cookies are small strings of text sent by the site to your browser which are then stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Amongst other things , Advertisers use cookies to understand how you and others are using their site , to identify repeat visitors , and to determine the paths visitors take on their site .
They also use cookies to determine whether you visited their site from a particular Internet link or advertisement .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but it is possible to change your browser setup to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies , reject cookies , or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , the advertiser may not recognize you when you return to their site .
The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies " .
When you register we may ask for information such as your name , email address , cellular phone number , and additional information .
Once you register with breitbart.com and sign in to our services , you may no longer be anonymous to us or our advertisers .
Our Site is a general audience web site and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
By using our site , you represent that you are not under 13 years of age .
Links to Third Party Web Sites :
Our Site may offer links to other web sites , including links embedded in advertisements and links to various news sources .
Such links to other websites may have information policies and practices different from ours .
In addition , certain companies associated with breitbart.com may have their own privacy policies .
We do not own or control such companies and web sites , and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of web sites that we do not own or control .
How We Protect Your Information : We use industry-accepted technology to protect your data from disclosure to unauthorized third parties .
Our server is also protected by a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to any information we may store .
Although these measures are typically effective , use of the Internet and related computer systems is inherently vulnerable to unauthorized access or " hacking. "  
No guarantee can be given that all information you provide to us will not be accessed by unauthorized persons .
How We Use Your Information : We collect , retain , and use internally Site visitor information only for legitimate business purposes , including the following : to correspond with you regarding our site or services , to inform you of developments in our company or with our services that we believe may be of interest to you , to send you breaking news alerts , to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage , to comply with applicable laws , to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of breitbart.com , our users , and others .
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally e-mail you regarding important functionality changes to the Site or to e-mail you announcements and promotions related to our business , products , and/or services .
If you would rather not receive such correspondence , please e-mail us to that effect at webmaster @
breitbart.com .
If you have provided us more than one e-mail address , please remember to e-mail us from each of the e-mail accounts you have given us .
Except as provided below , we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We strive to maintain the accuracy of our customer information .
We respond promptly to update our database when you tell us your information is not accurate .
When We May Disclose Your Information : We may share in aggregate , statistical form non-personal information regarding the visitors to our Site , traffic patterns , and Site usage with our partners , affiliates , investors , or other third parties .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary and may share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of breitbart.com 's Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law .
We may transfer information about you if breitbart.com is acquired by or merged with another company .
To maintain a site that is free of charge , Breitbart.com contains advertising .
Breitbart.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad , you may disclose personal information to their website and are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
Consent :
By using this Site , you consent to our collection and use of personal information you choose to provide to us .
We reserve the right , at any time , to modify , alter , or update this statement , and any such modifications , alterations , or updates will be effective upon posting .
Privacy Questions : If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please them to us email at webmaster @
breitbart.com .
Breitbart.com may also be contacted directly at the following address :  
Designated Agent :
Webmaster Address of Agent : 149 S. Barrington Ave. , # 401 , Los Angeles , CA 90049 E-mail for notice : webmaster @
breitbart.com
This Privacy Policy is revised as of February 4 , 2008 and may be modified from time to time .
By accessing and making use of the services offered by Al Arabiya News ( Al Arabiya ' ) and/or the digital properties of Al Arabiya , you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Al Arabiya is committed to the protection of the privacy of the users of its services .
This Privacy Policy explains how Al Arabiya deals with your personal information , including :  What information we collect from you and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer you with respect to your personal information , including how to access and update that information .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users .
Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience .
It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users .
Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience .
It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties .
Information you give us .
We collect personal information from users as and when provided to us through the use of online forms , surveys and every time you email us your details .
Additionally , some of our services may require you to sign in to take advantage of certain features .
In other instances , we may invite you to sign up for certain services , such as newsletters , or information feeds ( e.g. SMS updates ) .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , or telephone number .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer ( e.g. participation in viewer forums and discussion boards , engagement with second-screen co-viewing apps ) , we may also ask you to create a publicly visible profile , which may if you choose - include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We also collect additional information automatically about your visit to our digital properties .
We use cookies to identify you when you visit our digital properties , to follow your browsing patterns and build up your demographic profile .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the browser .
Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies .
If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser .
However , some cookies are essential for us to use in order to provide you with the services you have requested and switching off cookies will restrict your use of our digital properties .
We process personal information collected from you and our digital properties for the purposes of providing you with the services you request from us , as well as maintaining and improving the services we provide to you , and developing new ones .
We also use the information to conduct market research and to provide you with tailored content such as relevant advertisements and services .
When you contact Al Arabiya , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your contact details to send you direct marketing , including to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming program information or improvements to our digital properties .
We also use information we collect from cookies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Al Arabiya services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine advertising server cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent to do so .
Al Arabiya processes personal information on our servers , which might reside in a number of countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live and for this purpose transfer your personal information out of your country of residence .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
We will only disclose personal information to members of Al Arabiya and its mother company , successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf .
Otherwise , we will never share any personal information collected from you with other companies , organizations and individuals unless :  It is done with your consent : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya when we have your consent to do so , including for external processing where we provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
It is for legal reasons : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
Meet the requirements of any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
Enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
Detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
Protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Al Arabiya , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
We do our best to protect Al Arabiya and our users from unauthorized access , use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
In particular :  We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , from time to time to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized Al Arabiya employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
We will give you ways to update , or delete your personal information - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
This Privacy Policy applies to all the services offered by Al Arabiya , its mother company , and its affiliates , including services offered on other digital properties ( e.g. our news services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our digital properties may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
If you access other sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
Any changes of this Privacy Policy will be published on this page .
Financial Times privacy policy High quality global journalism requires investment .
Please share this article with others using the link below , do not cut & paste the article .
See our Ts & Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail .
Email ftsales.support @ ft.com to buy additional rights .
http : //help.ft.com
/tools-services/financial-times-privacy-policy/# ixzz2oHSA2vdg Financial Times privacy policy Financial Times group takes the privacy of its users seriously .
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service .
This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Financial Times businesses .
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer @
ft.com .
Our sites contain links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy .
We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit .
Personal information is collected by the FT companies listed below on behalf of the Financial Times group of companies and its trading entities ( including FDI Intelligence and Exec-Appointments ) .
Each of these FT companies are registered with the UK 's Information Commission as Data Controllers in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
References in this privacy policy to FT , we , us , our or similar refer to the FT group company operating the relevant website and references to FT sites refer to any of our websites from which you have accessed this privacy policy .
Company :
The Financial Times Ltd Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL
Registered Number : 227590 Data Protection Registration Number : Z7087146 Company : FT Personal Finance Ltd
Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL
Registered Number : 3855520 Data Protection Registration Number :
Z7670392 Company :
The Financial Times ( M-M UK )
Limited , trading as Money-Media or Ignites Europe Registered Office :
Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL
Registered Number : 139844
Data Protection Registration Number :
ZVK463
We collect personally identifiable information about you ( your Data ) through :  the use of enquiry and registration forms your purchase of any our products or services the provision of your details to us either online or offline .
The elements of your Data that we collect may include :  Name Job title Company name Company address , phone and fax number Home address and phone number Mobile telephone number E-mail address Payment details such as credit card information Date of birth Educational history , work experience and other information from your CV if you provide this to us Market research data such as readership patterns Usage statistics
We may also collect information that we request from you regarding your use of our service or that we collect automatically about your visit to our sites .
Please see our Cookies Policy for more details .
We use your Data for purposes which may include : providing our users with a personalised service processing orders , registrations and enquiries conducting market research surveys allowing users to participate in interactive features of our service , where they choose to do so providing reports to our Clients containing information about usage under corporate licenses running competitions , prize draws and promotions providing you with information about products and services we offer ( if you agree to receive such information ) sharing your Data with third party organisations who offer products or services which we feel may be of interest to you ( if you agree to receive such information ) contacting you about specific recruitment opportunities if you register search criteria information on our recruitment sites .
monitoring compliance with our Terms and Conditions and Copyright Policy See our Cookies Policy for more details .
If you wish to receive information about FT group products or services or from other carefully selected organisations about products or services they offer , please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your Data .
We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf , successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law .
We reserve the right to fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring or requesting us to disclose the identity or other usage details of any user of our sites .
We also use information in aggregate form ( so that no individual user is identified by name ) :  to build up marketing profiles to aid strategic development to manage our relationship with advertisers to audit usage of the site .
We use technology on the registration , subscription and manage my account pages of some of our websites , which may record user movements , including page scrolling , mouse clicks and text entered .
It will not record financial information such as credit or debit card details .
The data we collect in this way helps us to identify usability issues , to improve the assistance and technical support we can provide to users and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting purposes .
Please refer to our Cookies Policy .
Financial Times businesses have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users ' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss .
User Data may be transferred outside the FT group to data processors such as fulfilment houses but they will act only on our instructions to provide the services required .
The Internet is a global environment .
Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
Therefore , by browsing the FT sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way .
By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered ( as detailed above ) you are deemed to provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area .
If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact help @
ft.com visit the Contact Us section of our website ( excluding Investors Chronicle , FDI Intelligence , FT Adviser , Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com , Non-execs.com , Ignites Europe and Mandatewire.com websites ) .
Investors Chronicle
If you are a user of www.
InvestorsChronicle.co.uk and you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact ic.cs @
ft.com ,
visit manage account or phone +44 ( 0 ) 844 848 0106 .
Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes .
FDI Intelligence
If you are a user of FDI products and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact fdiintelligence @
ft.com
, visit manage my account or ph +44
( 0 ) 20 7775 6896 .
FT Adviser If you are an FT Adviser user and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact ftadviser.enquiries @
ft.com , phone 0845
456 1516 or visit manage my account Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com and Non-execs.com If you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you or update your marketing preferences , please sign into your account below and go to your personal profile or phone +44 ( 0 ) 207 873 4909 .
exec-appointments.com
account mba-direct.com account
non-execs.com
account
Ignites Europe
If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please visit the Preferences or Contact Us section of our website or phone UK +44 ( 0 )
20 7775 6668 or US +1 212 542 1245 .
Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes .
Mandatewire If you wish to amend any of the date which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact contact.mandatewire @ ft.com or phone ( UK ) +44 ( 0 )
20 7775 6080 or ( NYC )
+1212-542-1245 All users In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , you may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting the Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer @
ft.com or writing to :  Company Secretary The Financial Times Ltd Number One Southwark Bridge London SE1 9HL
United Kingdom We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information .
We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age .
We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained .
This policy is effective from 22nd
May 2012 .
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation , best practice or website enhancements.enhancements .
Privacy Policy Topix respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use Topix 's services ( " Topix Services " ) .
Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission or as explained in this privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) .
Upon your first visit to Topix.com , Topix sends a " cookie " to your computer .
A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user .
Topix uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more .
Topix does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people use the Topix Services .
Topix will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Be aware , however , that some parts of the Topix Services may not function properly if you refuse cookies .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
Topix does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email address , etc. )  except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
For example , Topix DOES collect such information from those users registering as Community Users and/or User Editors .
Topix notes and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each query .
That information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users .
For example , Topix may use your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use when showing search results or advertisements .
The stories/sites displayed and/or linked to by the Topix.com Service are developed by people over whom Topix exercises no control .
Other links are also on sites not controlled by Topix .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit personal information .
Topix encourages you to read the privacy policy of all web sites you visit .
Topix may choose to exhibit its results in the form of a " URL redirecter. "  
When Topix uses a URL redirecter , if you click on a URL on a Topix page , information about the click is sent to Topix , and Topix in turn sends you to the site you clicked on .
Topix uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of Topix 's technology .
Topix may share information about you with advertisers , business partners , sponsors , and other third parties .
However , we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent .
For example , we may disclose how frequently the average Topix user visits Topix , or which Topix pages are most often used .
Please be aware , however , that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order .
Further , Topix reserves the right to cooperate with legitimate law enforcement requests for information at its sole discretion .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13 , we will delete that information from our systems .
Topix uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
This automatically-collected data is also used by Topix to analyze trends , administer the site and track users ' use of the site .
In addition , Topix collects personally identifiable information from users ( including email addresses , names , gender , date of birth , and zip code ) during the registration process .
This information may be used by Topix to improve our site and the overall user experience .
Topix may , through its website , iPhone applications and related sites , request your location via a geolocation service .
Through this service Topix may collect , depending on the capabilities of your device , information about the wifi routers closest to you , indentifying information related to the cell towersclosest to you , and the strength of your wifi or cell signal .
Topix will use this information to return an estimated location .
This information ( including your IP address ) may then be used by Topix to develop new features , products or services .
This information may also be shared on an aggregated or individual basis with our third party advertisers to display better-targeted advertising content .
By using the Topix Services and our web site , you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy .
Topix may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we do , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Feel free to contact us any time
and we 'll answer any additional questions you may have .
If you have additional questions , feel free to contact us .
The Privacy Policy ( hereinafter " the policy " ) provided below is with respect to our use and protection of any personal information you provide to us through the hindustantimes.com website .
HT Media Ltd. is the sole owner of the website www.hindustantimes.com ( hereinafter " website " ) .
The Policy is applicable to the website .
It may also be applicable generally to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein .
You may be required to provide personally identifiable information at several different points on our website .
By accepting the policy at the time of registration , you expressly approve and consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy .
You can visit/surf our website without providing any personal information .
However , if you choose to avail of certain services on our website , you shall be required to provide certain information for the registration and/or access to such services/web pages .
Such information may include , without limitation , your name , email address , contact address , mobile/telephone number ( s ) , sex , age , occupation , interests , financial information , content , IP address , standard web log information and such other information as may be required for your interaction with the services .
a )
At HT Media We collect only Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) of users .
We clearly state that that information which is collected is divulged only in the event if user chooses to provide his/her information based on his/her knowledge and self-consent or for any compliance , statutory , governance , legal issues etc .
b )
Opt-in or Opt-out : The choice to do so is available/freely at all times via aSpecial media 's , " Preferences " page via Self blocking of cookies via browser option or user may choose the Opt-in or out from our partner 's website at http :
//aspecialmedia.com/preferences.html
If you choose to provide us with the abovementioned information , you consent to the use , transfer and storage of the information so provided by you on our servers .
The information provided by you shall not be sold/given/rented to third parties ( third parties for this purpose do not include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) for marketing purposes and other related activities without your prior consent .
The information provided by you shall be used by us to :  Improve our website and enable us to provide you the most user-friendly experience which is safe , smooth and customized ;  Improve and customize our services , content and other commercial /non - commercial features on the website ;  
Send you information on our products , services , special deals , promotions ;  Send you marketing/promotional communications
( If you do not wish to receive such marketing/promotional communications from us you may indicate your preferences at the time of registration or by following the instructions provided on the website or by providing instructions to this effect ) ;  Send newsletter ( s ) to you ( Provided you subscribe to the same ) ;  Send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so
;  Provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website (
If you participate , we may request certain additional personally identifiable information from you .
Moreover , participation in these surveys or contests is shall be completely voluntary and you therefore shall have a choice whether or not to disclose such additional information ) ;  Provide customer support and the services you request ;  Resolve disputes , if any and troubleshooting ;  Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce Agreements ;  Provide service updates and promotional offers related to our services/products .
Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ;  Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ;  Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ;  Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ;  Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; and Respond to Claims of third parties ;  The personal information provided by you shall also be disclosed to :  The members of our corporate family , affiliates , service providers and third parties under a contract to provide joint services , contents and marketing communications ; and Other third parties to whom you explicitly require us to send the information ;  If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the website .
However , your friend may contact us to request that he does not require such services/content/email or we remove the information related to him from our database .
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password .
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries with respect to our services/content , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account .
We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes .
In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third party sources ( third parties for this purpose may include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website .
We use cookies on the website but do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website .
We do not set cookies to store your passwords .
If you reject cookies , you will still use our website .
We have no access to or control over third party cookies and we do n't store any cookies and just use the facility of .net framework for page output cache .
This privacy statement does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
You can access and modify your personal information by signing on to the website .
We will not modify the information provided by you .
However , you must update your personal information as soon as such changes are necessitated .
Where you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it nor shall you be able to close your account .
Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law ( s ) .
However , we will retain your personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce User Agreements ; Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ; Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ; Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ; Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ; Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; Respond to Claims of third parties ; and take such other actions as may be permitted by law .
Your password is the key to your account .
You shall be solely responsible for all the activities happening under your username and you shall be solely responsible for keeping your password secure .
Do not disclose your password to anyone .
If you share your password or your personal information with others , you shall be solely responsible for all actions taken under your username and you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password .
In the event HT Media Ltd. goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred .
Where your information is transferred you will be notified via email/prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter your personal information we treat the data as an asset that must be protected and use tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc. )  to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security nor can we guarantee that third parties shall not unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and that other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that you provide .
Therefore , although we work hard to protect your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
The website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by HT Media Ltd .
Please be aware that we , HT Media Ltd.
and/or the website , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the website or to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein .
It does not apply to third party advertisements which appear on our websites and we suggest you read the privacy statements of such advertisers .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement and such other places we deem appropriate so that you are updated about the manner we collect information , what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently at If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information .
We collect , use , and share personal information to help the classified.bdnews24.com website work and to keep it safe ( details below ) .
In formal terms , bdnews24.com , acting itself and through its subsidiaries , is the " data controller " of your personal information .
Information posted on bdnews24.com is obviously publicly available .
Our servers are located in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Therefore , if you choose to provide us with personal information , you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers .
We collect and store the following personal information :  email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information ;  computer sign-on data , statistics on page views , traffic to and from bdnews24.com and Ad data ( all through cookies you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site ) ;  other information , including users IP address and standard web log information .
We may use users ' personal information to : provide our service ( s ) ; resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ; encourage safe trading and enforce our policies ; customize users ' experience , measure interest in our services , and inform users about services and updates ; marketing and promotional purposes ;  All information contained by bdnews24.com is treated as strictly confidential and bdnews24.com does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization .
The users ' privacy is very important to us .
We do not and shall not at any point in time , either sell or rent users ' personal information to third parties without users ' explicit consent .
We may be required from time to time to disclose users ' personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators , but we will only do so under proper jurisdiction .
bdnews24.com also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period bdnews24.com retains such information .
We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies , respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other 's rights , or protects anyone 's rights , property or safety .
We may share personal information with :  - Corporate affiliates who help to detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services ( Our corporate affiliates will market only to users who ask them to ) .
- Service providers who help with our business operations .
You may use personal information gathered from classified.bdnews24.com only to follow up with another user about a specific posting , not to send spam / phising or collect personal information from someone who has n't agreed to that .
The bdnews24.com site and Content available through the Service may contain features and functionalities that may link you or provide you with access to third party content which is completely independent of bdnews24.com , including web sites , directories , servers , networks , systems , information and databases , applications , software , programs , products or services , and the Internet as a whole .
Access to the Service bdnews24.com grants you a limited , revocable , nonexclusive license to access the Service for your own personal use .
This license does not include : ( a ) access to the Service by Posting Agents ; or ( b ) any collection , aggregation , copying , duplication , display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining , robots , spiders , or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by bdnews24.com .
A limited exception to ( b ) is provided to general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service , provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with file system .
You can see , modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page .
Contact customer support at privacy @ bdnews24.com to review any personal information we store that is not available on classified.bdnews24.com .
There may be a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law .
We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier .
We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes , enforce our policies ; and prevent bad guys from coming back .
We use a number of mechanisms ( encryption , passwords , physical security ) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure .
So while we strive to protect such information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Once any personal information comes into our possession , we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access , modification or disclosure .
Users who use any of the features on classifieds.bdnews24.com agree and accept that they have been fully informed by bdnews24.com that the use of features may lead to publication , to all users of classified.bdnews24.com , of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on classified.bdnews24.com .
Users further agree that the authenticity of , and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person , are the sole responsibility of the user .
Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features , existing and new .
However , the Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users of such features themselves .
We may update , upgrade , modify ( partially & /or fully ) this policy at any time , with updates taking effect when you next post or after 30 days , whichever is sooner .
If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition , we may share personal information with another company , but this policy will continue to apply .
Send questions about this policy to privacy @ bdnews24.com .
Newsmax Media , Inc. , including newsmax.com , newsmaxhealth.com , moneynews.com , newsmaxworld.com , lignet.com , fbtalliance.com , shop.newsmax.com , the Newsmax Magazine Mobile Application , and any other affiliated sites or mobile applications operated by Newsmax Media , Inc. ( the Newsmax Offerings ) , is committed to maintaining the privacy of all visitors to the Newsmax Offerings as described by this Privacy Policy .
BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OF OUR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS .
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS INDICATES TO US
THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU ACCEPT ANY CHANGES THERETO ,
WHETHER OR
NOT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY REVIEWED EITHER THE POLICY OR ANY CHANGES THERETO .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect your Personal Data ( as defined below ) on the Newsmax Offerings , how we protect such data , and the choices you have concerning our use of such data .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy represents our current ( as of the last updated date , above ) data collection and usage practices .
Newsmax will from time to time review and revise these practices .
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here .
Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Newsmax " , " we " , " us " , and " our " means Newsmax Media , Inc. and its affiliates .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Newsmax Offerings .
We are not responsible for the privacy of any information ( i ) that you reveal or post in any public forum that may be or in the future become available on the Newsmax Offerings , such as message boards or chat rooms , ( ii ) that is available now to the general public through no action or fault of Newsmax , or ( iii ) that Newsmax receives from any third party reasonably known to have a legal right to transmit such information and under no obligation to keep such information confidential .
We are also not responsible for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties that may be linked to or from the Newsmax Offerings .
Personal data is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , e-mail address , postal address , or phone number ( " Personal Data " ) .
Newsmax may collect Personal Data from you when you enroll in , subscribe to or agree to purchase any of our paid goods and services , or register for news alerts on the Newsmax Offerings .
In addition to information collected during registration , enrollment , subscription or purchase , Newsmax may collect Personal Data knowingly provided by you in e-mails to the Newsmax Offerings , online forms , order and registration forms , surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and contest entries .
Providing this information is always at your option , although your failure to provide Personal Data in such instances may limit your ability to use such features of the Newsmax Offerings .
In all of these cases , we will collect Personal Data from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us .
We will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personal Data other than as specified in this Privacy Policy , unless we have your consent to do so .
We may , from time to time in emails , alerts or other mailings you have agreed to accept from us , include advertisements , sponsorships , other offers from or information about third parties .
This does not and will not mean that Newsmax endorses any specific products or services available from such third parties .
Such materials from those third parties , regardless of their relationship with us , are provided merely for information purposes and users should make their own judgments and evaluation of any services or products available on any other websites .
You do not have to provide us with any Personal Data to visit the Newsmax Offerings .
However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections or use all features of the Newsmax Offerings .
In addition to Personal Data , Newsmax and service providers it engages may collect and/or track information that by itself is not used to identify you personally or to contact you , such as demographic information , domain names , computer type , browser types , screen resolution , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Newsmax Offerings ( " Monitoring Data " ) .
We use Monitoring Data to help us understand who uses the Newsmax Offerings and to improve Newsmax 's websites .
To enhance the Internet experience on the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax and service providers it engages may use various Internet technologies such as , cookies , ' web beacons , ' action tags , ' web bug , ' .gif tags , ' and JavaScript ' ( together , " Tracking Tools " ) .
Tracking Tools are files or tools that are placed on your computer in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Newsmax Offerings .
Newsmax uses these technologies to customize and enhance the Internet experience of individual users .
When you revisit the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax may recognize you by a Tracking Tool and customize your experience accordingly .
For example , once you have completed the registration process , a cookie will be used to remember your registration preferences .
You may decline Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software , if available .
If cookies are disabled , however , all features of the Newsmax Offerings may not operate as intended .
Information about the procedure you are required to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider 's website .
We believe Tracking Tool technologies add value to the user experience , and the information obtained through these technologies is not sold or otherwise made available to third parties by Newsmax , other than as may from time to time be specified in this Privacy Policy .
Newsmax may use Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects for editorial and feedback purposes , marketing and promotion , statistical analysis of users ' behavior , product development , delivering products and services , providing customer support , customizing and improving the content and layout of the Newsmax Offerings , completing business transactions , administering individual accounts and meeting government regulatory requirements such as sales tax collection .
Monitoring Data may be used for internal or external purposes such as researching and identifying market segments and needs .
Newsmax may share your Personal Data and other data collected with service providers , affiliates , and subsidiaries in connection with the services we provide .
Newsmax may disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary ( a ) to comply with applicable laws , rules , or regulations , or to preserve Newsmax 's legal rights in the Newsmax Offerings ' content , whether the same arises from contract or through force of law ; ( b ) to provide you with any services , information , special offers , promotions or products you requested or consented to and to allow us to perform other activities related to such services and products ; or ( c ) to operate these Newsmax Offerings and other of Newsmax 's systems properly .
Newsmax may also share your Personal Data with a sponsor or other third party that is interested in serving you ( " Third-Party Providers " ) .
You may instruct us at any time not to share your Personal Data with such Third-Party Providers by contacting us in the manner provided under " Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use " .
Newsmax is not responsible for any further use or disclosure of your Personal Data by Third-Party Providers ; such use or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers ' privacy policies .
Newsmax reserves the right to transfer Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects to successors to the relevant portion of any of Newsmax 's businesses or to independent contractors it engages to assist with or perform on Newsmax 's behalf any of the foregoing activities .
Also , if Newsmax 's assets are subject to a claim in bankruptcy , Personal Data and Monitoring Data may be an asset subject to the claims of a trustee in bankruptcy and may be available to Newsmax 's creditors .
In addition , Newsmax reserves the right to use Personal Data to contact you regarding your account status and changes to this Privacy Policy or any other policies , agreements or transactions relevant to your use of the Newsmax Offerings .
Newsmax will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity of the collected data so that it is reliable and appropriate for the foregoing uses .
You may choose to receive promotional correspondence from Newsmax and its marketing partners by checking the appropriate box when you register or by contacting Newsmax via telephone at 800-485-4350 .
Newsmax will not share any Personal Data with a third party without giving you the opportunity to choose to share such Data .
You may modify , correct , change or update Personal Data that Newsmax has collected via the Newsmax Offerings or request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via the telephone number indicated below .
If you have purchased products , including subscriptions , from us in the past , you may also request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via e-mail at customerservice @
Newsmax.com , in addition to contacting us by phone at 800-485-4350 .
In any instance , our removal of such information may require you to register again with Newsmax in the event you later wish full access to the Newsmax Offerings .
You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove or verify each and every record of information you have provided to us from our system .
The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Data may exist in archived systems .
However , promptly after receiving your request , all Personal Data stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed , deleted or confirmed to you , as appropriate , as soon as reasonably practicable .
The Newsmax Offerings may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties ( " Other Sites " ) , either as a hyperlink or through a direct data feed accessed by you .
Newsmax does not endorse , and is not responsible for , the privacy practices or the content of these websites .
You should review the applicable privacy policies in connection with your use of such third party websites .
Newsmax has established reasonable precautions to protect collected Personal Data from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction , which include contractual , administrative , physical , and technical steps .
Technical measures include use of firewall protection and encryption technology where appropriate .
Although Newsmax takes reasonable precautions to assess the reliability of such technology , it relies on the statements of the vendors of those products and services as part of its security evaluation .
BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT TO THE FACT THAT NEWSMAX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR FAILURES OF SUCH PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND THAT YOU SHALL HAVE RECOURSE SOLELY AGAINST THE MANUFACTURERS OR VENDORS THEREOF .
Please note that while Newsmax has endeavored to create secure and reliable sites and mobile application ( s ) for users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from Newsmax or the Newsmax Offerings or via e-mail can not be guaranteed .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , please call : 800-485-4350 , or mail : Newsmax Media , 1501 Northpoint Parkway , Suite 104 , West Palm Beach , FL 33407 .
Questions or concerns regarding Newsmax 's data protection practices should be e-mailed to : customerservice @ newsmax.com .
If you choose to contact Newsmax via e-mail about this policy , please mark the subject heading of your e-mail " Privacy Inquiry. "  
Read Latest Breaking News from Newsmax.com http :
//www.newsmax.com
/privacystatement# ixzz2nziBJGbX Urgent : Should Obamacare Be Repealed ?
Vote
Here Now !
Privacy Policy Effective January 23 , 2010 Privacy Notice Table Of Contents :
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information
We Collect How We Use Information Our Commitment
To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us We take your privacy seriously .
To protect it better , this notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the DNAIndia.com website .
On some pages , you can register for certain services .
The types of personal information collected at these pages may include : Name Date of Birth Address Email address
Phone number Credit/Debit card information We do not share with outside parties any information that you may give us while registering on the site .
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers .
For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form , but we will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals .
Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also giving you a chance to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
To prevent unauthorised access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by visiting following URL : http : //www.dnaindia.com/user We use this procedure to better safeguard your information .
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please call us at +91-22-43888349 between noon and 8pm IST , Monday to Friday , or send us an email at editoronline @
dnaindia.net .
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) applies to your use of the U.S. News Services only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which the U.S. News Services links , or to any other products or services offered by U.S. News other than on the U.S. News Services .
This Privacy Policy is part of , and is hereby incorporated into , the U.S. News Services ' Terms and Conditions .
You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here .
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions , including the Privacy Policy , in their entirety , please do not use any U.S. News Services .
U.S. News may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name , telephone number , postal address , e-mail address and credit card information so that we or selected companies can provide you with the products and services you request .
For example , we may ask you for your name , e-mail address , and certain other information in connection with certain features .
U.S. News may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase , so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting .
During the ordering process , such credit card information is transmitted either to U.S. News or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing .
In both cases , credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order .
U.S. News may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the U.S. News Services , such as your browser configuration , the type of operating system you are using , and information about your Internet service provider .
We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services , to respond to your inquiries , and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you .
If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from U.S. News and others , you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking " Unsubscribe " in any email .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , or information to be posted as a comment ) , we may publish your name , screen name or such other information you supply .
If you have indicated interest in receiving information directly from a selected outside company , we may provide such selected outside company with information that may include but not be limited to your name , telephone number , postal address and email address .
If you decide that you do not wish to receive further communications from such selected outside company , you will need to so notify such selected outside company .
We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies to improve the design , delivery and content of our publications and the U.S. News Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience .
We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate to analyze how visitors use the U.S. News Services , as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive .
In addition , U.S. News may disclose information we maintain ( A )
if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the U.S. News Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety , property , or rights of our users or the public , or ( B ) in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale .
If at some point after giving U.S. News your personally identifying information , you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from U.S. News about U.S. News , from U.S. News 's affiliates , or from selected outside companies , you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the " Unsubscribe " link located at the bottom of each e-mail .
If you purchased content appearing at www.usnews.com or otherwise purchased products through the U.S. News Store , you can edit your U.S. News Store profile after you have logged into your account . "
Cookies " are pieces of information that are placed by the U.S. News Services in a storage place on your computer or mobile device .
Cookies do not contain information that is , in itself , personally identifying .
Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements , to calculate unique site visitors , and to track usage throughout our site .
Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins .
In addition , some advertisers or featured services providers may place cookies on your computer or mobile device .
These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to usnews.com and other websites , so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads , to track page usage and paths followed during visits , and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage .
These companies may provide this data to us .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services business , including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the U.S. News Services and deliver our service to you :  
We use the services of a third party marketing company , Omniture , to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the U.S. News Services .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at the U.S. News Services .
This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see .
You can " opt-out " of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here .
We also use a third party advertising company , DoubleClick , to deliver ads to you when you visit the U.S. News Services .
In the course of providing this service , our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to the U.S. News Services , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) .
If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by DoubleClick , please click here .
We have contracted with a third party , ValueClick , Inc. , to monitor certain pages of the U.S. News Services for the purpose of reporting traffic , statistics , advertisement ' click-throughs ' , and/or other activities on the U.S. News Services .
Where authorized by us , ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about visitors to the U.S. News Services .
No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than U.S. News .
For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick , please see ValueClick 's privacy policy by clicking here .
Portions of the U.S. News Services permit you to integrate such U.S. News Service with Facebook .
Through such integration , U.S. News may receive personally identifiable information about you such as your name , profile picture , educational institutions you have attended and your major there , work information , fan pages , networks , current location , friends and similar personally identifiable information about your friends who are registered on Facebook ( Friends ) .
U.S. News may use this information to customize the services that we provide to you through the U.S. News services .
By visiting a U.S. News Service , information that we receive from Facebook about you and your Friends may appear to you on the U.S. News Service .
In addition , if you are listed as a Friend on Facebook of other users of U.S. News Services , your Facebook information may appear to those users on the U.S. News Service if they have chosen to integrate their use of U. S. News Services with Facebook .
If you wish to opt out of sharing your Facebook information with U.S. News , you must update your Facebook privacy options on your Facebook privacy settings page at www.facebook.com/privacy/ , or you can deactivate Facebook features on the U.S. News Service at http : //colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/friends .
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News .
In general , U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection .
In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible .
If you believe the U.S. News Services has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13 , please contact us at webmaster @
usnews.com .
Users of the U.S. News Services who are California residents and who have provided personally identifiable information to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please send an e-mail to webmaster @
usnews.com with Request for California Privacy Information in the subject line and in the message .
Effective Date :
May 29 , 2012
This Privacy Policy is applicable to www.billboard.com , www.billboard.biz , www.adweek.com , www.backstage.com , www.hollywoodreporter.com , www.clioawards.com , www.filmjournal.comand any other site that may be operated by or for Prometheus Global Media ( together , the " Websites " ) .
It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information .
Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy .
Please also read our Terms of Use , which govern the basic operation of the Websites .
A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
When you visit a Website , we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are .
This is Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
It includes things like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave .
It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites , how long you stay on them , and what you click .
We may place a cookie on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Our preference cookie expires after thirty ( 30 ) days .
We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference ; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites , and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites .
There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies .
You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites .
We also may use a small piece of code ( sometimes referred to as 1x1 clear pixel , Web beacon or clear GIF ) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns , and enable us to administer the site .
No Personally Identifiable Information ( see below ) is collected through our cookies or Web beacons however we may , from time to time , allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
The companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out of this type of advertising , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
B. Personally Identifiable Information .
We also may collect information that can be used to identify you ( Personally Identifiable Information ) .
We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us .
For example , in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name , email addresses , address , and telephone number .
You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites , as described in the Terms of Use [ make link ] , or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites .
When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information , you are not anonymous to us .
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests , respond to your inquiries and provide other services , and to alert you to information , offers , or publications in which we think you may be interested .
The emails that we send contain links that enable you to unsubscribe from such mailings .
We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites , or share such information with third parties , except as described below .
From time to time , we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research , product development or similar purposes .
These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of such information .
We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf ; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but only as needed to perform their functions .
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties , who may contact you to offer products and services .
At any time , you can contact Prometheus Global Media at 1-800-658-8372 and terms @ prometheusgm.comto request that we not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties .
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business ( e.g. , a portion that includes our customer lists ) is sold or transferred .
We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding , or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person .
Prometheus Global Media can not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us .
We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information .
But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard , and you provide information to us at your own risk .
We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely .
We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country .
The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country .
Wherever we hold the data , we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy .
This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 .
If a parent or guardian believes that this site has collected the Personally Identifiable Information of a child under the age of 13 , please contact terms @
prometheusgm.com .
You may contact us at terms @ prometheusgm.comif at any time you would like to see the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you , or to ask us to correct or update this information , or to ask us to delete it .
Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies ( see below for contact information ) .
You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address :
Prometheus Global Media 770 Broadway Ave 7th Floor New York , NY 10003 terms @
prometheusgm.com 1-800-658-8372
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 29 , 2012 .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes .
In the event of material changes , we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances , such as by posting a notice on the Websites .
Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes .
