Amazon.com Privacy Notice Last updated : April 6 , 2012 .
To see what has changed , click here .
Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes our privacy policy .
By visiting Amazon.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
What Personal Information About Customers
Does Amazon.com
Gather ?
What About Cookies ?
Does Amazon.com Share the Information
It Receives ?
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ?
Which Information Can I Access ?
What Choices Do I Have ?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com ?
Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program ?
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions Examples of Information
Collected The information we learn from customers
helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information
You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information :
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many Web sites , we use " cookies , " and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
For more information about how to do this , click here .
E-mail Communications :
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing,Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites ( e.g. , Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service ) , and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in .
Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com , Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses
We Do Not Control :
We work closely with affiliated businesses .
In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com .
In other cases , we operate stores , provide services , or sell product lines jointly with these businesses .
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third-Party Service Providers :
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Promotional Offers :
Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Amazon.com and Others :
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Amazon.com , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Click here for more information on how to sign off .
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites .
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com , including personalized or interest-based ads , please read our Interest-Based Ads policy .
Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
Click here to see some examples , the list of which will change as our Web site evolves .
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews , and Amazon Prime .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the " Which Information
Can I Access ? " section .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. )  
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in .
Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and ( 1 ) the European Union and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and ( 1 ) the E.U. and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
If you would like to contact Amazon.com directly about the Safe Harbor program , please send an e-mail to safeharbor @
amazon.com .
If you choose to visit Amazon.com , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington .
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Related Practices and Information Conditions of Use Discussion Boards Community Rules Help department
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines Information
You Give Us You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services such as Amazon Instant Video ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ; and financial information , including Social Security and driver 's license numbers .
Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Web site , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Mobile Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services .
Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu .
For information about specific devices , click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising , or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Co-branded and Joint Offerings Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks , OfficeMax , American Apparel , Verizon Wireless , Sprint , T-Mobile , AT&T , J&R Electronics , PacSun , Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment .
Information
You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalized advertising preferences , address book , and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; Recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) ; Seller accounts ; and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders , personal profile , and Wish List ) .
Posted and effective for new users : September 11 , 2013 Effective for current users : October 26 , 2013
Previous version :
February 4 , 2013 Effective for new users immediately and for current users on October 26 , 2013 and superseding all previous versions of the Privacy Policy .
Your Privacy Rights This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing , and protection of your personal information .
It applies to the eBay.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them , including mobile devices .
You can view a summary of this Privacy Policy at our Privacy Summary Page .
More detailed information about our privacy practices is available at our eBay Privacy Center .
The eBay website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program .
If Customer Support can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
TRUSTe online privacy certification Contents Scope and Consent Global Privacy Standards Mobile Privacy Children 's Privacy Collection of Personal Information Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites Use of Personal Information Communication Preferences
Marketing Our Disclosure of Your Information Information
You Share on eBay
Using Information
You Get from eBay
Our use of Cookies , Web Beacons , Local Storage , and Similar Technologies
No Spam , Spyware , or Spoofing Accessing , Reviewing , and Changing Your Personal Information
How We Protect and Store
Your Personal Information Third Parties Contact Us
By using eBay.com and its related sites , application , services and tools , and/or registering for an eBay account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement .
If you reside outside of the United States , you are contracting with one of our international eBay companies :
In countries within the European Union , your data controller is eBay Europe S. r.l , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 , Luxembourg ; in India , your data controller is eBay India Private Limited , 14th Floor , North Block , R-Tech Park , Western Express Highway , Goregaon ( East ) , Mumbai 400063 , Maharashtra ( India ) ; and in all other countries your data controller is eBay International AG , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , 3005 , Bern , Switzerland .
Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term " personal information " to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific person .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site .
Additionally , we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or via email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy .
eBay Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy , known as Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies .
These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed or stored .
Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court .
Some eBay-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies .
The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website or is referenced in the application or service .
The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs .
More information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles , including information on how to contact us with any questions , is available at our eBay Privacy Center .
We may offer you the ability for you to connect with our sites , or use our applications , services , and tools using a mobile device , either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website .
The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices .
This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites .
The eBay.com website is a general audience website , and it and its related sites , applications , services , and tools are not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites , applications , services , or tools from users in this age group .
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
This information is associated to your account only when you sign in as a registered user .
If you register for an account with us , you give us your personal information , and you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites , applications , services and tools , and to help us personalize and improve your experience :  
Information we collect automatically :
When you visit our sites , use our applications , services , and tools , or interact with our advertising or content , we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile device , or other access device .
This information is associated with you personally only when sign in as a registered user , and includes but is not limited to : device ID or unique identifier , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , referral URL , ad data , IP address , and standard web log information , anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons
Information you give us : We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites , applications , services or tools .
This may include , but is not limited to : information you provide us when registering for an account , including email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ; addition information you may provide to us via social media sites or services transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ; shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ; information provided in the context of community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , or correspondence sent to us additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list )
Mobile :
When you download or use our Mobile Applications , or access one of our mobile optimized sites , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device 's setting 's menu .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device .
Information from other sources : We may receive or collect supplemental information about you from third parties sources and add it to our account information .
This may include , but is not limited to , demographic , navigation information , additional contact information , credit check information , and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources , as permitted by law .
We offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the eBay site or related sites .
We also offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook , Google Plus , Twitter , and others .
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites .
The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled your by privacy settings on that website and your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our sites and/or use of our services , applications and tools , provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services , and to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
You agree that we may use your personal information to : provide you access to our sites and the services and customer support you request ; provide customer support you request for financial products offered by members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me
Later , a PayPal service ) prevent , detect , and investigate , fraud , security breaches , potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ; customize , measure and improve our services , content and advertising ; contact you , either via email or telephone , to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites , services , applications or tools , or for other purposes authorized by law .
contact you , either via email or telephone to inform you about our services and those of our corporate family , deliver targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences assist in the credit underwriting process in order to provide you with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me
Later , a PayPal service ) who offer financial products ; compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ; contact you at any telephone number using auto-dialed or pre-recorded message calls or text ( SMS ) messages ( if applicable ) as authorized for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from eBay about your buying and selling activities from the Communication Preference section within My eBay , This is also the place where you can control your member-to-member communication preferences , and choose which newsletters and promotions you want to receive , and the methods by which we may contact you .
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can indicate your communications preference in My eBay , or within the direct communication from us .
If do not wish to participate in our ad-customization programs , you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement , or directly at our Ad Choice program .
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
Such information will be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations .
As stated above , we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may also share your personal information with : Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions , and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or data security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , sites , applications , services and tools , and communications .
Members of our corporate family may use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented to their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their Privacy Policy and our global privacy standards .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as , but not limited to , fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , site operations , and co-branded credit cards ) .
Financial institution partners of eBay corporate family members who offer financial products ( such as WebBank and Comenity Capital Bank ) , with whom we partner with to provide Bill Me Later , a PayPal Service ) to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , websites , applications , services and tools , and communications .
These third party financial institution partners will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance their respective privacy policies and consistent with this privacy policy and our global privacy standards Other eBay users , whether located in your country of residence or outside of your country of residence , as authorized by you or your use of our sites , services , applications or tools .
For example , where you are involved in a transaction with another user , the other user may view your email address and request and obtain your contact information and postal address to help complete the transaction ; Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) .
Law enforcement , governmental agencies , or authorized third-parties , in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you , or any other eBay user to legal liability .
In such events , we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry , such as name , city , state , ZIP code , telephone number , email address , User ID history , IP address , fraud complaints , bidding and listing history , and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation .
Credit bureaus with which we may report information about your account , including information on late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report .
eBay VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity .
In such events , we will disclose name , street address , city , state , ZIP code , country , phone number , email address and company name .
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice. ) .
Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a subpoena , court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity .
Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) , and is connected to all of your eBay activity .
Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , storefronts , Feedback , ratings and associated comments .
Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items .
So if you associate your name with your User ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities .
If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your User ID , activity , or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you .
eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions and collect payments .
We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users .
We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information .
To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions and collect payments .
When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information .
In all cases , you must give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them .
You agree to use user information only for : eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ; using services offered through eBay ( such as escrow , shipping , and fraud complaints ) , or other purposes that a user expressly chooses .
When you visit or interact with our sites , services , applications , messaging ( such as email ) , and tools , we or our authorized service providers may use cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better , faster , and safer experience .
For more detailed information on our use of these technologies , see our policy on Cookies , Web Beacons , and Similar Technologies .
We and our users do not tolerate spam .
Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer .
You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent .
To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails to eBay , please forward the email to spam @ ebay.com or spoof @ ebay.com .
You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement .
We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools .
If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose .
We do not rent or sell these email addresses .
Your password is the key to your account .
Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password .
You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay .
Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely .
You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate .
Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it .
Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law .
We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , enforce our eBay User Agreement , and take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located .
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure and alteration .
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centers , and information access authorization controls .
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings .
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations .
In addition , we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigation , enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them .
eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
If your questions are not answered online , you may write to us at : eBay Inc .
Attn :
Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or using the Contact Us form .
More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center .
Amazon.co.uk
Privacy Notice Last Updated : 25 September 2012 .
To view changes to the Privacy Notice please click here Amazon.co.uk knows that you care how information about you is used and shared
and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes the privacy policy of Amazon.co.uk .
By visiting Amazon.co.uk , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.co.uk Gather ?
What About Cookies ?
Does Amazon.co.uk Share the Information it Receives ?
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ?
What Information
Can I Access ?
What Choices Do I Have ?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.co.uk ?
Notices and Revisions Examples of Information
Collected Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.uk is controlled by Amazon EU SARL , Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media EU SARL ( the data controllers ) , all three at 5 Rue Plaetis L-2338 , Luxembourg .
Amazon.co.uk Ltd of Patriot Court , 1-9
The Grove , Slough , Berkshire , England SL1 1QP UK acts as data processor on behalf of the data controllers .
Amazon.com , Inc. and its controlled US subsidiaries are participants in the Safe Harbour programme developed by the US Department of Commerce and the European Union .
These Amazon Group companies have certified that they adhere to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles agreed upon by the US and the EU .
For more information about the Safe Harbour and to view these Amazon Group companies ' certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbour website .
If you would like to contact Amazon directly about the Safe Harbour programme , please send an e-mail to safeharbor @
amazon.com .
Back to top The information we learn from customers
helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at Amazon.co.uk .
We use the information to handle orders , deliver products and services , process payments , communicate with you about orders , products , services and promotional offers , update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us , display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you .
We also use this information to improve our store and platform , prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical , logistical or other functions on our behalf .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information
You Give Us : we receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information
but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customising future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many websites , we use " cookies " and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.co.uk or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.uk on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or its subsidiaries and , where applicable , have requested or consented to location services , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as search results , and other personalised content .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
For more information about how to do this , click here .
E-mail Communications :
to help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.co.uk if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences Information from Other Sources : we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Back to top To enable our systems to recognise your device and to provide features to you , we use cookies .
For more information about cookies and how we use them , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy .
Back to top Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
Amazon.co.uk shares customer information only as described below and with Amazon.com , Inc. and the subsidiaries which Amazon.com , Inc. , controls and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses
We Do Not Control :
We work closely with affiliated businesses .
In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.co.uk or sell offerings to you at Amazon.co.uk .
In other cases , we operate stores , provide services or sell product lines jointly with or on behalf of these businesses .
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third Party Service Providers :
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analysing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Further , they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws .
Promotional Offers :
Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.co.uk customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Amazon.co.uk and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property or safety of Amazon.co.uk , our users or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice .
With your consent : other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing information as set out above , we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection .
Back to top We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection , storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information .
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer .
Click here for more information on how to sign off .
Back to top Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites .
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.co.uk , including personalised or interest-based ads , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy .
Back to top Amazon.co.uk gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.co.uk for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
Click here to see some examples .
This list will change as our website evolves .
Back to top
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.co.uk features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews and Amazon Prime .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access ?
section .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the previous version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and Sale and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.co.uk and orders placed with Amazon.co.uk , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. )  
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalise advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.uk 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.co.uk products and services that require you to Sign in .
Back to top Amazon.co.uk does not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.co.uk only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Back to top If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.co.uk , please e-mail us with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you .
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use and Sale will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Conditions of Use and Sale Discussion Boards Help Desk
Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines
Back to top Information
You Give Us You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you : search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.co.uk or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or your Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as : your name ; address and phone number ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been dispatched ( including addresses and phone numbers ) ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in your Your Profile ; and financial information .
Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyse include : the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type and version ; and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions ; operating system and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through and from our website ( including date and time ) ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and any phone number used to call our customer service number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Mobile Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services .
Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu .
For information about specific devices , click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include : updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Co-Branded and Joint Offerings
We may from time to time offer joint or co-branded products and services .
Information
You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.co.uk include : up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalised advertising preferences , address book and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit-card information and gift certificate , gift card and cheque balances ) ;
e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries )
Seller accounts and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders and personal profile ) .
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by the Netflix family of companies ( " Netflix " ) ( help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) .
To learn which company is responsible for processing your personal information and for instructions on how to contact us , please see the International Users/Contacting Us section below .
By using , visiting or browsing the Netflix service , you accept and agree to our information practices described below .
Please note that this Privacy Policy includes embedded hyperlinks that may only be accessed through our website , so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix ready devices ( for example game consoles or Internet enabled televisions ) , you may need to visit the website to review these hyperlinked terms .
Collection and Use of Information Disclosure of Personal Information Social Sharing Other Websites , Platforms and Applications Children
Right to Access Your Information Cookies and Internet Advertising Security Changes to This Policy Transfer of Information International Users
/Contacting Us We receive and store information , including personal information , about you and your use of our service .
This information is gathered in a number of ways , including when you enter it on our website and from interactions with our service .
In this Privacy Policy , we use the term personal information to mean information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you . Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you .
We may collect , use , transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose .
You can choose not to provide personal information we may request of you , but , in general , most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our service and the lack of such personal information will prevent us from doing so .
When you interact with us , we may ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide , enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts .
For similar reasons , we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources , as permitted by law .
We use this personal information for various reasons , including to process your registration , your orders and your payments , and to communicate on these and other topics .
For example , we may use your e-mail address or other methods to send newsletters , messages about new Netflix features , Netflix special offers , promotional announcements , consumer surveys and other correspondence and marketing concerning our service .
If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email , simply access the " Email preferences "
( https : //www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences ) link on the " Your Account " page of our website ( https : //www.netflix.com/YourAccount ) and uncheck those items to unsubscribe , or click the unsubscribe link in the email .
For information about opting out of certain postal communications , please visit https : //help.netflix.com/article/en/node/8748
# gsc.tab=0 .
Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions .
We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to you and your use of our service , including but not limited to : your online activity , title selections , reviews , ratings , payment history , correspondence , Internet protocol addresses , device and software data ( such as type , configuration and unique identifiers ) , instant watching of movies , TV shows and related activity .
We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location , providing localized content , enforcing our terms ( such as determining your eligibility for a free trial ) , providing recommendations on movies & TV shows we think will be enjoyable , personalizing the service and our marketing to better reflect particular interests , tracking your instant-watching hours , determining your Internet service provider , helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise analyzing , enhancing , administering or promoting our service offering for you and other users .
We may supplement this information with information from other sources , including offline data and your browsing behavior on other sites and interactions with our advertising .
We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties .
We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , movie & TV show ratings , consumption habits , commentary , reviews and other information .
For example , we use movie & TV show ratings and consumption behavior to improve our recommendations to you as well as other users .
While using the Netflix service , you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information in public forums .
Please understand that when you post such information , it is made public and is not subject to this policy .
We are not responsible for any third party 's use of information you publicly disclose through our service .
From time to time , we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our members .
In conjunction with these partners , we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements on their behalf , as permitted by law .
You can go to the " Email preferences " ( https : //www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences ) link on the " Your Account " page and request that your name be excluded from marketing emails .
You may connect one or more social networks ( such as Facebook ) with your Netflix account .
If you choose to do so , we will collect and use information from your social networking account ( s ) and your use of our social features .
For more details about our social features , information we collect and use , as well as account connection , including how to disconnect , see our Social Terms ( https : //www.netflix.com/socialterms ) .
Back to top We may share your personal information among the Netflix family of companies ( https : //help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) .
The Netflix companies that access your personal information will follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
In addition we use other companies , agents or contractors ( Service Providers ) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you .
For example , we engage Services Providers to provide marketing , communications , infrastructure and IT services , personalize and optimize our service , process credit card transactions , provide customer service , collect debts , analyze and enhance data , including users ' interaction with our service , and process consumer surveys .
In the course of providing such services , these other companies may have access to your personal information .
We do not authorize these companies to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing the services we request of them .
We may offer joint promotions or programs that , in order for participation , will require personal information be shared with third parties .
For example , we may partner with companies that offer incentives , such as frequent flyer mileage awards , if you sign up or otherwise utilize our service .
In fulfilling these types of promotions , we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive .
By participating in such joint promotions or programs , you agree to our sharing of your information .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party businesses .
Netflix also reserves the right to disclose personal information if we reasonably believe that access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to ( a ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , or governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable terms of use , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Netflix , its users or the public as required or permitted by law .
In connection with any reorganization , restructuring , merger or sale , or other transferring of assets we reserve the right to transfer information , including personal information , provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy .
Back to top You may elect to share information about your use of the Netflix service , including what you watch , within Netflix as well as on other social networks and in other communications .
Your use of our social features is subject to our Social Terms ( https : //www.netflix.com/socialterms ) ; please review them for details .
Back to top The Netflix service may be provided through platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours .
For example , you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as PlayStation systems , Microsoft Xbox , Nintendo Wii , Roku Streaming Player , iPad or iPhone and a number of other Internet connected devices .
While we endeavor to associate with reputable companies , Netflix can not be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms .
These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements , notices and terms of use , which we recommend you read carefully .
In addition , you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service .
To learn more about these , see our Terms of Use ( www.netflix.com/termsofuse ) .
Back to top You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service .
In certain jurisdictions , the age of majority may be older than 18 , in which case , you must satisfy that age in order to become a member .
While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service , they may do so only with the involvement , supervision , and approval of a parent or legal guardian , and subject to our Terms of Use ( www.netflix.com/termsofuse ) .
Back to top We give you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your account , including your contact information and your communication preferences in the " Your Account " portion of our website .
You must be signed in to access " Your Account. "  
If you have a question regarding our privacy practices , or want to exercise your rights regarding your personal information , please contact us at privacy @
netflix.com .
Back to top Visit About Cookies and Internet Advertising
( https :
//www.netflix.com/cookies ) for information about our use of cookies , other technologies , and Internet advertising .
Back to top Netflix takes information security seriously and uses reasonable administrative , technical , physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access .
For example , we utilize Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process .
Unfortunately , no security system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Accordingly , we can not guarantee the security of your information and can not assume liability for improper access to it .
By using our service , including our website and user interfaces , or providing information to us through any means , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service .
In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service , Netflix implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service .
You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box "
Remember me on this computer " when you login on the website .
To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices : ( a ) visit " Your Account " ( https : //www.netflix.com/YourAccount ) ( note , deactivation may not occur immediately ) or ( b ) delete your Netflix settings from your device ( steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices ) .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Netflix account .
Where possible , users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit .
If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device , you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so .
If you do not maintain the security of your password or device , or fail to log out or deactivate your device , subsequent users may be able to access your account , including your personal information .
Back to top Netflix may , from time to time , make changes to this Privacy Policy , the Social Terms or About Cookies and Internet Advertising .
Such revisions shall be effective immediately ; provided however , for existing members , such revisions shall , unless otherwise stated , be effective 30 days after posting .
We will endeavor to post prior versions ( including marked changes ) of the Privacy Policy , if any , for the preceding 12-month period .
You can see these prior versions of the Privacy Policy by visiting our website ( www.netflix.com/privacypolicychanges ) .
Back to top Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
Therefore , by using Netflix , you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country ( including the United States ) where we have facilities or engage third parties ( including but not limited to payment processors , cloud service or other IT providers , and other companies that provide services to us ) .
You understand that the countries to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of data protection as in your country .
Back to top If you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area , your personal data is controlled by Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l , who is providing the service to you ( address below ) .
Individuals who reside in Brazil are being provided the service by Netflix Entretenimento Brasil , Ltda .
Av .
Bernardino de Campos , 98 - 4 andar - sala 36 , Paraiso , Cep 04004-040 SP Brasil .
Otherwise , Netflix , Inc. ( address below ) is providing the service to you and is the data controller ( where applicable ) .
If you have questions concerning your account , please contact Customer Service .
If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy , including the treatment of your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies , please contact us via email at privacy @
netflix.com , or at the following :  
For US , Canadian , Latin American and other non-European customers :  Netflix , Inc. , 100 Winchester Circle , Los Gatos , CA 95032 , U.S.A. Attention : General Counsel .
For European customers :  Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l.
, 26 , Boulevard Royal , # 205 L2449 Luxembourg , Attn : Manager .
Back to top Last updated : September 11 , 2013 Walmart Privacy Policy Share on twitterShare on linkedinShare on pinterestShare on googleplusShare on emailShare on facebook Walmart Privacy Policy - Highlights This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( " stores " ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , " websites " includes our mobile applications ) .
Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores .
This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center .
Information
We Collect :
We collect your information from the following sources :  Information you give us , such as during transactions , customer service operations , surveys , and website registrations , Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit or use our websites , such as via cookies and device information , and in stores , such as via video cameras .
Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information .
Walmart uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions .
These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
We may combine all the information we collect .
We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances : with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products .
with your consent .
when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , customers , or associates , or when otherwise required by law .
Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information
>
Your Choices :
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following standards for marketing communications : We will not contact you via phone or text message without your express consent ( opt-in ) .
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent ( opt-in ) .
We use an opt-out standard for all other communications .
This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to .
We participate in interest-based advertising .
This means that you may see advertising on our website tailored to how you browse or shop , or you may see advertising for Walmart on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites .
Learn more about such advertising , including how to opt out .
You can provide us your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center .
The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences for marketing materials at any time .
You can also contact us via the Contact Us section below .
Mobile Application Privacy : In addition to the information above , the following applies to our mobile applications :
Our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) , and information about the way you use the applications .
The mobile applications also collect certain information you voluntarily provide , such as product information when you scan a bar code , and transactional information , such as when you make a purchase or respond to an offer .
Our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device , such as when you search for a store .
You must first provide permission through your device before the application obtains such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) .
The Mobile Application section below addresses your choices with respect to our applications ' collection and use of your precise location information .
Service providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications .
This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are .
Contact us through our web form -- for privacy or Walmart Privacy Policy feedback/questions , for store experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions .
We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust .
Read our entire privacy policy .
We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us .
See Walmart 's Notices and Privacy & Online Safety Tips for general tips and resources .
Privacy Policy - Full Policy Walmart recognizes the importance of our customers ' privacy .
We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance it is one of trust .
We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual .
This Policy describes :  
How and why we collect your personal information .
How your information is used and protected .
When and with whom we share your information .
The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information .
Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices .
This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( " stores " ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , " websites " includes our mobile applications ) .
Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores .
This notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center .
Walmart expects our associates and business partners to manage your personal information properly and maintain your trust .
We have designated associates who are accountable for compliance with this Privacy Policy .
We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience .
We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection .
Information
You Give Us
We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Walmart , both in stores and through our websites .
Some examples are when you :  Create an account on one of our websites ; Make an online or in-store purchase from us ; Use a gift registry or create a mobile shopping list ; Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as hunting and fishing licenses ) ; Request customer service or contact us ; Submit a Walmart related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ; Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication .
Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you .
The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information .
When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients .
For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well .
Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud .
In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products .
Automated Information Collection
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising .
Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns .
Some examples include :  We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your device operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our websites .
We use " cookies " to recognize you as you use or return to our sites .
This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you .
A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive .
We may also use web beacons .
Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective .
We operate cameras in stores for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns .
Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally .
Walmart uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions .
These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
Some examples include :  To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ; To register and service your account ; To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ; To provide customer service and alert you to product information , including recalls ; To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ; To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business .
To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect with offline information , including information from third parties .
We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes .
How We Disclose Your Information Outside Walmart Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances .
Service Providers
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations .
Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites .
Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Walmart maintain facilities .
We require our service providers to keep your information secure .
In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf .
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others We may disclose your information in other special circumstances .
These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , our customers , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law .
Examples include protecting the health or safety of customers , or addressing crimes committed on Walmart property .
Data from in-store security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request .
Walmart may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
Marketing Purposes
From time to time with your consent , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest .
You may opt in to this sharing under the " Your Choices " section below .
Business Transfers
We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Walmart or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure Walmart collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy .
The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed .
For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law .
In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing .
Marketing Preferences We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following standards for marketing communications :  We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages .
We also use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with third parties for marketing purposes .
Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent .
We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications like mail .
Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will stop the activity on your request .
You can provide us with your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center .
The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials at any time .
Or you may contact the Privacy Office as described in the Contact Us section below .
If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information .
For instance , if you would like to opt-out of mail , include your mailing address .
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed .
It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests .
Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes .
Some examples are contacts for customer service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls .
We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds .
Credit Offerings
The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) .
However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies , including our prescreened offers , by calling 1-888-567-8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com .
Online Operations and Advertising
You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising .
For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies
Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us .
Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features .
To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your device , follow these links :  Microsoft Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox
All About Cookies Adobe Flash Cookies Safari
You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising .
Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior .
The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests .
We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests .
As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website .
Advertisements may relate to Walmart or our advertising partners .
We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them .
We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes .
In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites .
You may see ads for Walmart on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites .
We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites .
Learn more about interest-based advertising , including how to opt out .
You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above .
Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well .
If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior .
Walmart takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete .
You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways :  If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account .
Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated .
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this Policy .
Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures .
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect .
We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request .
If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party .
Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below .
If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  
Securing your information is a company priority .
Whether you are shopping on our websites or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information .
Online Protections
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account .
Please keep this password confidential .
We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet .
You can see a representation of this when you enter a secure portion of our online website ( not including our mobile applications ) , which is any page containing any of your account information , where an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window .
If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear .
This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Walmart web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server .
Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well .
Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage .
When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable .
Pharmacy and Vision Center
When you use our Pharmacies or Vision Centers , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request .
We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies .
Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it .
The notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Vision Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Walmart .
Financial Products and Services
When you obtain financial products and services from us , we may collect and use certain financial-related information .
We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies .
Financial products and services include money orders , money transfers , credit card offerings , bill payment , and check cashing .
Find out more about Financial Services Privacy .
We protect payment card information we collect during transactions .
We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing customer information .
These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies .
We are committed to protecting children 's online privacy .
Our websites are for a general audience and are not geared towards children .
In order to protect the privacy of children , Walmart websites and mobile applications do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent .
Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section of this Policy if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it .
Walmart 's mobile applications may include functionality to allow you to create a shopping list , search or add products to a favorites list using voice input or text , or by scanning bar codes , check price or product availability and print coupons , browse , search and buy Walmart.com products , locate the nearest Walmart store , track orders , find aisle locations for items on your shopping lists , order prescription refills , and view , share and print your online photos .
In addition to the information mentioned above , our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) placed by us or our service providers , the unique identifier assigned by Walmart to your device , the IP address of your mobile device , your mobile operating system , the type of mobile Internet browsers you use , and information about the way you use our mobile applications .
Additionally , our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device .
You must first provide permission through your device before our mobile applications obtain such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) .
Walmart , and our service providers , may use and store this information , in combination with other location-based information such as IP address and billing or postal code provided by you at time of your mobile application registration , to provide enhanced location based services , such as store specific services , search results , and other content .
To opt-out of the collection of location data , see below .
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with the operation of our mobile applications .
These providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications .
This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are .
The device identifier is used to improve services within our mobile applications such as barcode scanners or speech recognition .
We require our service providers to keep your information secure .
In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf .
We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how our mobile applications are being used , such as the frequency and duration of usage .
To protect the anonymity of this information , we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties ca n't identify you personally based on information they collect from our mobile applications or your use of them .
These analytics providers may also have access to your device-specific information such as a unique device identifier .
This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are , and we require these service providers to keep your information secure .
There are multiple options for users of our mobile applications to opt-out of the collection and of your precise location information :  Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling our mobile applications You can stop all collection of information by our mobile applications easily by uninstalling the mobile applications .
You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
Note :
If you uninstall the mobile application from your device , the Walmart unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored .
If you re-install the application on the same device , Walmart will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions .
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device .
As a global company , Walmart has separate privacy policies for its international offices .
Personal information about our customers may be processed and stored in the United States or any other country in which Walmart or our service providers maintain facilities .
Globally , Walmart requires our family of companies to protect your personal information , regardless of where it is stored , in accordance with local laws and our policies .
Please check our privacy Policy periodically for changes .
We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy Policy .
Email Customer Service- for store experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions .
Contacting the Privacy Office Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this Policy or about how your information is handled .
You can also contact us via the addresses below :  Mail : Walmart Corporate Privacy Office , MS # 0160 702 SW 8th Street Bentonville , AR 72716-0160
Your California Privacy Rights Our privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes .
The Policy and rights apply to all customers , including California residents :  
We share information with others outside of Walmart only if we have your express consent ( opt-in ) .
See How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart .
We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Sam 's Club .
See How We Use Your Information .
Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above .
Last Updated : Sept. 17 , 2013 PRIVACY POLICY
We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information .
This Privacy Policy tells you :  What information we collect How we use that information
How we may share that information
How we protect your information
Your choices regarding your personal information This Policy applies to BestBuy.com , Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name .
This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop ( FutureShop.ca ) , Best Buy Canada ( BestBuyCanada.ca ) , Magnolia Audio Video ( Magnoliaav.com ) , Geek Squad ( GeekSquad.com ) , Pacific Sales ( PacificSales.com ) , Audio Visions ( Avisions.com ) , Best Buy China ( BestBuy.com.cn ) , Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co .
( Five-Star.cn ) among others , each of which may have their own privacy policies .
We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices .
Information
You Give Us
We receive and may store any information you enter on our websites or give to us in our stores .
For example , we collect information from you when you place an order , create an account , call us with a question , create a Wish List , write a review , or use any of our services .
The information we collect from you includes things like :  Your name Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your credit card number and other payment information
Your driver 's license number Credit application information , such as your Social Security number Demographic and lifestyle information , such as age , personal interests and product preferences It may also include information you give us about other people , such as the name and address of a gift recipient , or the name and contact info of a Friends & Family Pickup person .
Information from Other Sources
We may also receive information about you from other sources , including third parties that help us update , expand and analyze our records and identify new customers .
Automated Information Collection We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior , personalized shopping experience , whether you are online or in our stores .
This information includes your IP address , browsing behavior while on our site , browser and device characteristics , and referring URLs .
This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies , including various types of cookies , web beacons , and tags .
Our websites and mobile applications are not designed to respond to " do not track " requests from browsers .
These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites , and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores .
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you , we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above .
We also may share personal information with those providers .
We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers .
Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below .
Location Information
Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you 're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores .
To allow any application to identify your location , you must enable this functionality through your mobile device 's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi , GPS signals , cell tower position , or other technologies .
Best Buy has no control over your device 's settings .
Public Forums
Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
We use the information we collect for things like : Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information Processing returns , exchanges and layaway requests Tracking and confirming online orders Delivering or installing products Managing our My Best Buy program Marketing and advertising products and services Conducting research and analysis Establishing and managing your accounts with us Communicating things like special events , sweepstakes , promotions and surveys Processing Best Buy credit card or My Best Buy MasterCard applications Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others , such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend Operating , evaluating and improving our business Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Best Buy does not sell , rent or trade your personal information to third parties .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ( " Best Buy " ) , and as such , if you provide information to any of the businesses , stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy , this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co. , Inc. entities , including affiliates and subsidiaries .
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as :  Fulfilling orders Delivering packages Scheduling and performing installations Servicing products Maintaining our My Best Buy program Sending Best Buy marketing communications Fulfilling subscription services Conducting research and analysis Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments Providing chat functions Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation , court order or subpoena .
We may also share information when we believe it 's necessary to comply with the law .
We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Best Buy , our customers , or others ; to prevent harm or loss ; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity .
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale , merger , acquisition , dissolution or similar event .
We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards .
We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings .
For example , when you apply for a Best Buy credit card , we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card .
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it .
Best Buy can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us .
The Best Buy websites use encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport .
SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information , including your name , address and credit card number .
Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet .
You may choose to : Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications Update and correct your personal information Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services Request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum To do any of these , let us know by one of these methods : Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us Call 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 ) with your request and current contact information Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to : PrivacyManager @
bestbuy.com Send a letter with your request and current contact information to :
Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn : Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield , MN 55423-3645
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our websites or other sites on the Internet .
These companies may collect personal and other information about your visits to this and other websites .
We may also share personal information with these companies .
In either case , the purpose is to provide ads about products and services that may be of interest to you .
To learn more about interest-based advertising ( also called behavioral advertising ) , visit www.aboutads.info .
To opt-out of interest-based advertising , use Evidon 's Global Opt-Out tool at www.evidon.com ..  
There is also a Profile Manager tool which allows you to manage your interest-based preferences used by ad networks , data aggregators and others .
We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies .
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve .
If we make material changes , including any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective , as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. complies with the U.S.- E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Best Buy Co. , Inc. 's certification , please visit : http : //export.gov/safeharbor .
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us ( as provided below ) .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here , fax to 415-520-3420 , or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , www.
BestBuy.com and does not cover information that may be collected behind the log in on our website .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at PrivacyManager @
bestbuy.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices , we 'll do our best to answer them .
Here 's how to contact us :  Phone : 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 )  
E-mail
: PrivacyManager @
bestbuy.com Address :
Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn : Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield , MN 55423-3645
Last Updated 1/01/2014 Target Privacy Policy Spanish Translation ( Traduccin en espaol )
At Target , we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect information about you .
By interacting with Target , you consent to use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy .
We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically .
To help you track the changes , we include a history of changes below .
We collect the following information :
Your name Your mailing address
Your e-mail address Read more ...  
We use guest information for multiple purposes : Product and Service Fulfillment
Our Marketing Purposes
Internal Operations Fraud Prevention Legal Compliance Read more ...  
We may share information :
With Target With our service providers ( for example , a printer or mobile marketing provider )
If required to comply with legal requirements At your direction or request With other companies ( for their marketing purposes )
Read more ...  
We provide you with choices about receiving marketing from Target , sharing of personal information with other companies for their marketing purposes , and receiving cookies .
Read more ...  
You can access and update some of your personal information by contacting us .
If you have a Target.com account , you can log in to your account to review and update information in your account .
Read more ...  
We maintain administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect your personal information .
Read more ...  
Types of personal information we collect include : Your name Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone ( or mobile ) number
Your drivers ' license number
Your credit/debit card number
Your purchase/return/exchange information
Your registry event information
Your date of birth or age
If you choose not to provide personal information we may not be able to provide you with requested products , services or information .
Automated Information Collection We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target guest .
If we are able to identify you as a Target guest we may , for example , link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store .
This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us online , in store , mobile , etc .
Automated Information Collection We and our service providers use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device .
This information , which includes the pages you visit on our site , which web address you came from , the type of browser/device/hardware you are using , purchase information and checkout process , search terms and IP-based geographic location , helps us recognize you , customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant .
This includes Target content presented on another website or mobile application , for example , Target Weekly Ad .
These technologies also enable us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits and Short Message Service ( SMS ) /text
messages you have chosen to receive .
We also use Flash cookies for fraud prevention purposes .
In order to provide the best guest experience possible , we also use these technologies for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts .
Third-Party Automated Collection Target participates in online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) , also known as interest-based advertising .
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online .
Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) self-regulatory principles for OBA .
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website and to use that information to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites .
These companies use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , hardware/software information , cookie and session ID ) and personally identifiable information ( e.g. IP address ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information .
At this time , we do not respond to browser do not track signals , but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising .
To learn more about OBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website .
User Experience Information
In order to improve guest online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our guest relations representatives in resolving issues guests may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information ; including login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited and ads clicked specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information .
Social Media Widgets Target.com includes social media features , such as the Facebook Like button , Google Plus , Pinterest , and Twitter widgets .
These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you 're visiting on our site , and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site .
Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them .
Information from Other Sources
We collect data that 's publicly available .
For example , information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and others , and could be used to personalize your experience .
You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances .
We also obtain information provided by a third party .
For instance , we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests ( for example , adding address information ) .
This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you .
In-Store Cameras
We use in-store cameras for security purposes and for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels .
Examples of how we use the information we collect include : Product and Service Fulfillment Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information about our products and services in our stores , website , or mobile website , or to otherwise serve you Connect with Target regarding guest service via our contact center , guest service desk , or on social media platforms Provide services such as Gift Registry or a shopping list
Administer sweepstakes and contests
Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law ( for example , pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases )
Our Marketing Purposes Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , in-store receipt messages , e-mails , mobile messages , and social media notifications Provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications , such as product reviews or Weekly AdSend marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions Administer promotions , surveys , and focus groups Internal Operations Improve the effectiveness of our website , stores , mobile experience , and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy Fraud Prevention To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our guests and our business ( e.g. product recalls )
Legal Compliance
For example , assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries Target
We share the information we collect within Target Corporation , which includes all Target subsidiaries and affiliates .
Target Corporation may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you .
Target Corporation owns and operates Target Stores and Target web sites , and issues the Target Debit Card .
Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include , but are not limited to : Target Bank , Target Canada , Target Commercial Interiors , TCC Cooking Co.
( Cooking.com and Chef 's Catalog ) .
Card Issuing Bank
We may share the information we collect with our banking partner , TD Bank USA N.A. , which issues the Target Visa Card and Target Credit Card .
Service Providers
We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , analytics providers , web hosting providers , call center service providers , sweepstakes vendors , payment processors , coupon delivery vendors , data enhancement , or fraud prevention providers ) or that help us market our products and services .
These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions .
These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose .
Legal Requirements
We may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our guests or others .
Elsewhere at Your Direction
At your direction or request , we may share your information .
For example , if you create a gift registry or shopping list and elect to make it available to the public , your information will be accessible on our website , mobile or social applications , and on kiosks in our stores .
Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )  
We may share your personal information with other companies , or organizations which are not part of Target .
These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special offers and opportunities to you .
To opt out of our sharing of your personal information with such companies and organizations go to the Choice section of this privacy policy .
Sharing Aggregate Information with Third Parties We may share aggregate information ( information that does not directly identify an individual ) with third parties for lawful purposes .
Business Transfers
If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests .
We also may retain a copy of that guest information .
Postal Mail
If you do not wish to receive catalogs , coupons , and other promotional mail , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
This opt out does not apply to operational phone calls , for example , confirmation of delivery address and prescription refills .
E-mail
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
You may still receive select e-mails from us if you have requested them through one of our services such as Weekly Ad Reminders , Gift Reminders , or E-mail me when Available notifications .
You can discontinue these e-mails by canceling your subscription to these services .
You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt out link included in each promotional e-mail .
Target Ticket if you do not wish to receive Target Ticket promotional e-mails , you have the ability to unsubscribe via the opt out link included in each Target Ticket promotional e-mail .
This opt out only applies to Target Ticket promotional e-mails .
Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )  
If you do not wish us to share the personal information we have collected with other unaffiliated companies ( for their marketing purposes ) , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
Mobile We distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of guests who have requested this information via an opt in request .
To opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign , reply " stop " to text messages sent from 827438 ( TARGET ) .
To opt out of Target mobile marketing , text " stop all " to 827438 ( TARGET ) .
Target Cookies
The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time .
If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Target.com features ( i.e. you will be able to browse the site , but will not be able to make a purchase ) .
Third Party Cookies To opt out of third-party cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website Other web site analytics services for example , Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics provides services that analyze information regarding visits to Target.com
They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information .
To learn about Adobe Analytics privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting , click here .
California Residents
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties , for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes , during the preceding calendar year .
To request a notice , please submit your request to Target Corporation , Attn : California Shine the Light Inquiry , P.O .
Box 9350 Minneapolis , MN 55440 .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of it in the following ways : If you have created a Target.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information .
Contact us with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect .
Security Methods We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information .
When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number , we use industry standard methods to protect that information .
However , no e-commerce solution , website , database or system is completely secure or hacker proof .
You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse .
E-mail Security " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond .
We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through e-mail .
Children 's Personal Information
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 .
If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online , we ask that a parent or guardian contact us or call 800-440-0680 .
Mail :
Target Stores , Target Executive Offices PO Box 9350
Minneapolis MN 55440 Phone : 800-440-0680
E-mail : guest.relations @
target.com Target Privacy Policy Scope
This privacy policy applies to all current or former guest personal information , except for information collected by or provided in connection with : A Target Debit Card .
See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy .
Use of a Target Pharmacy or the Rx Rewards program .
See the Target Pharmacy Notice of Privacy Policy .
Use of a Target Clinic .
See the Target Clinic Notice of Privacy Policy .
Interactions with Target Commercial Interiors .
See the Target Commercial Interiors Privacy Policy .
Use of Target 's Wireless Service .
See the Target Wireless Service Privacy Notice .
Use of a Target Mobile Application .
See the Target Mobile Application Privacy Policy .
Using a Target Visa Card or a Target Credit Card .
See the Target Credit Card Privacy Policy .
Note , contact information you provide on a Target Credit Card application is provided to both TD Bank USA N.A. and to Target and its affiliates .
Completing an application for employment with Target .
Our website may offer links to other sites .
If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site .
In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site .
In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link .
You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information .
Target Privacy Policy Revisions
This history changes begins as of July 2004 and includes the date of the update and a description of changes .
Last update : 12/30/2013 Dec 2013 Added information about Online Behavioral Advertising and fraud prevention
Dec 2013
Updated the choices available for Target Ticket promotional emails Oct 2013 Added information to the Automated Information Collection section Aug 2013 Added Target ticket and web site analytic services opt out information , social media widget information , and a disclosure about sharing aggregate information with third parties .
Updated the security methods description , the description of Target affiliates , Information from Other Sources , and the California resident opt out .
Mar 2013Clarified when " information " referenced within the policy means " personal information " .
Updated description of Target and its affiliates .
Updated Target Cookies and Third Party Cookies sections .
Added disclosure regarding sharing of personal information with our bank partner , TD Bank USA N.A. Added information about Target Mobile Applications .
Aug 2012Updated Third-Party cookies section and added information about collection of User Experience Information .
May 2012Added information about Target 's Wireless ( Wi-Fi ) Service in Stores , including link to Wireless Service Privacy Notice .
Apr 2011Added offline , mobile , and social collection , use , and sharing of information , expanded guest choice options .
Aug 2009Added additional details about Cookies and Targeted Advertising .
Removed information for pharmacy guests in New York and Texas .
Feb 2008Added information for pharmacy guests in Texas .
Jan 2008Added information about the Target Debit Card , added additional information to the " What are ' Cookies ' and how do we use them ? "
paragraph , added information about " phishing " and revised the " Security " section .
Sep 2005Added Target Commercial Interiors as a member of the Target .
Oct 2004Added Target Bank as a member of the Target .
Aug 2004Removed references to Mervyn 's Stores and Mervyns.com .
Additional Site Navigation privacy policy
We at IKEA North American Services LLC ( IKEA ) respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us .
This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect , how we may use that information , and with whom we may share it .
Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information .
In addition , we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us .
We tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information , remove your name from our mailing list , or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices .
We collect and use information about you to communicate with you about our products , services and promotions .
We also collect information to improve the shopping experience of IKEA consumers .
Here are the ways we obtain information about you and the types of information we obtain .
We also tell you how we use the information .
Catalog
When you request a catalog from us , you provide us with contact information , such as your name , address , phone number and email address , so we may fulfill your request .
Email When you subscribe to our email list , you provide us information such as your email address , name and ZIP code so we may communicate with you via email .
We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way .
To update your email communication preferences , or to unsubscribe , please click here .
Purchases When you order or purchase an IKEA product , you may be required to give us contact and payment information ( such as credit card information ) so we may process your order .
When you pay for an IKEA product using a credit card , we use your credit card information only to fulfil your order and for other internal purposes .
Purchase verification policy Please note that IKEA may request to verify your purchases against your receipt .
Please keep your receipt available to show an IKEA representative upon request .
IKEA FAMILY
If you sign up for IKEA FAMILY , you will be asked for your name , date of birth ( to confirm eligibility ) and information about how you wish to be contacted , such as email address , mobile phone number and home address .
Customer Service
If you contact one of our customer service representatives , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and email address so we can respond to your questions or comments .
With your consent , we may retain this information to personalize your experience with us and better assist you the next time you contact us .
Help Us to Improve ( HUTI )
In store we provide you with the option to leave a personal comment to the store manager .
During this process you have the option to provide us with such information as your name , address , email address and telephone number so that we can respond to your questions or concerns .
The information that is collected and retained by this unit is for IKEA 's use only .
Customer Profiles
On our website and in store we provide you with the option to create a customer profile .
The profile allows you to save shopping lists that you create in your in store and online visits , as well as allowing you to save personal planners and designs on the IKEA server and quickly access them when you are in the store .
The customer profile includes personal information such as your name and address , your telephone number and your email address .
The customer profile allows us to facilitate your IKEA shopping experience and to expedite the delivery of purchased products .
The IKEA customer profile is optional .
Website We collect information on our website using transient cookies , sometimes called session cookies .
A transient cookie is a small file that contains information about a user , and disappears when the user 's browser is closed .
Unlike a persistent cookie , a transient cookie is not stored on the user 's hard drive ; it is stored only in temporary memory that is erased when the web browser is closed .
We use transient cookies to determine , for example , how you use our website so we can improve the design of our site .
Transient cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information about you .
Cookies can be disabled in your web browser .
When you visit our web site , we also collect anonymous information from you .
This includes the Internet browser you are using ; the computer operating system you are using , time spent visiting the web site , usage patterns within the web site , and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site .
This information is not matched to your personal information and does not personally identify you .
We collect this information to help improve your experience on the web site .
Additionally , IKEA may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our interests and property .
This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud or government subpoenas and warrants .
Mobile IKEA offers our customers the ability to find out what 's new at their local IKEA store through their mobile device , either by browsing our mobile web site or through text messaging .
Usage of the mobile web site follows similar standards employed by our standard web site ; cookies may be employed to remember preferences or previous activity but do not reveal personal information and can be disabled using your mobile device 's Internet options .
For text messaging , users will only receive messages if they have specifically opted in for them ; standard text message rates will apply .
To join IKEA Mobile , text the keyword " JOIN " to 62345 .
To unsubscribe from IKEA Mobile , text the keyword " STOP " to 62345 .
Kid 's Ballroom
To take advantage of our supervised children 's play area and ballroom while you shop , we require you to fill out a registration card that asks for the child 's name and age , the parent 's or guardian 's name , address , telephone number and signature , and any health concerns relating to the child that we should know .
We ask for this information to help ensure the safety and security of the child .
Other information you provide to us Through surveys , you may provide us with information such as product preferences , reasons for purchasing a product , family and lifestyle information to help us learn more about your shopping preferences .
You also may provide such information when you fill out a warranty card about a product you purchased from IKEA .
In addition , you may give us such information if you register for or redeem IKEA special offers , discount coupons or other promotions .
We also may ask you to provide us with information about products that interest you and other lifestyle information .
We will use such information to learn about your needs and preferences and if you choose to receive further communications from IKEA , to provide you with information about our products services and promotions .
Except as may be required in order to process a transaction , you may choose whether or not to give us your personal information , and if you do , how we use it .
If we request your personal information , we will tell you why we are collecting it and seek your consent .
Sometimes you will be asked to give your consent expressly ( such as by checking a box or clicking on a web page ) .
Other times we may obtain your consent implicitly by asking you to provide information with stated purposes but without any express statement of consent ( such as when you order a product or request a catalogue ) .
In other cases , your consent may be implied such as when you respond to a survey when it is understood that we will use the information to learn more about your needs and preferences , or your satisfaction as a customer so as to improve our products and services .
In those cases your consent will be understood if you provide us with the requested information .
You may notify us at any time that you do not wish us to use your information for any purposes that are not required to complete a transaction by contacting us in any of the ways described at the end of this Notice .
You may at any time withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure of your information or request us to delete
if from our files , subject to legal and contractual restrictions and requirements related to any transaction .
We retain your information as long as it is required for the purposes identified when you provided the information for such specific purposes or for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you , and for any appropriate time thereafter including a sufficient time following to permit you to ask any questions regarding its use .
Your contact information which you provide through the customer profile process ( described above ) is retained until you request us to delete or change it .
Information which is created as part of your shopping experience , such as shopping lists , price offers , personal planners and designs , is retained for varying periods up to two years .
Certain information is retained for longer periods for our internal audit and quality control purposes .
IKEA does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the IKEA corporate family for their own marketing purposes .
However , we may do so within the IKEA corporate family .
We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf , but these service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
We also may disclose information about you as required by law .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets .
If the business is transferred , we will provide you with the opportunity to tell us that you would prefer that information about you not be transferred .
Should such a transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice .
The security of personal information is a high priority for us .
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure , use , alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession .
We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect personal information we have about you against foreseeable hazards .
We may transfer your information outside of the United States for processing and storing .
The privacy laws in other jurisdictions may differ from United States privacy laws and in some jurisdictions your information may be accessed by law enforcement authorities or the courts .
If you would like to obtain more information about our policies and practices relating to our transfer and processing information outside of the United States , please contact us in any of the ways described below under How can I contact IKEA ? .
IKEA services and promotions will change over time .
This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices .
Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice , we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made .
We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice , and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you .
By using this web site , you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it .
Any future access to this web site subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time .
The IKEA website may contain links to other websites that operate independently of IKEA and are not under our control .
We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information .
Other websites may have their own privacy notices , which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites .
IKEA is not responsible for information that is provided by , or collected through , those websites or for any other use of those websites .
We recognize that having accurate and up-to-date information about you and your preferences is important to our ability to properly serve your interests .
You can update your email contact information by clicking here , or by using one of the options provided below .
We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way .
IKEA also occassionally sends emails to customers who have opted in to receive emails from third parties .
To unsubscribe from these communications , simply click on the unsubscribe link located within the email and you will be able to unsubscribe from the list owner .
If you prefer not to receive product information or promotions from us by U.S. Mail , please click here .
To unsubscribe from our email list , please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email you received , or click here and update your profile by deselecting " Please send me : Inspirational emails and updates. "  
If you have any other questions about IKEA 's privacy practices or about your personal information , please contact us here or call 1-800-434-4532 , or write us at : IKEA North America Services , LLC Attention :
Privacy Notice 420 Alan Wood Rd Conshohocken , PA 19428 We will respond to your inquiry or investigate your concern as quickly as possible .
DATED : December 16 , 2013 GROUPON , INC.
PRIVACY STATEMENT Last Updated : September 13 , 2012
This Privacy Statement ( Privacy Statement ) explains how Groupon , Inc .
( Groupon , us , our , and we ) uses your information and applies to all who use our Web site , mobile applications , electronic services , social networking sites , or any individual , business partner-specific , merchant-specific , city-specific , or other area-specific Web sites we offer that link to or reference this Privacy Statement ( collectively , the Site ) and when you receive electronic communications from us .
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully and review it periodically for the latest information about our privacy practices .
By using the Site , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement .
If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Statement , please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with the Site .
We will routinely update this Privacy Statement to clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices , such as when we add new services , functionality or features to the Site .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified in your account ) or by means of notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective .
You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the date it was Last
Updated above .
You can review the last version of this Privacy Statement here .
This Privacy Statement is organized as follows :  
Types of Information
We Collect Your Choices
How Groupon Uses Information
When and Why Groupon Discloses Personal Information
How Groupon Collects Information Security of Personal Information Accessing and Correcting Personal Information Social Networks Privacy Practices of Third Parties EU/EEA Safe Harbor
; Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America Children 's Privacy TRUSTe Privacy Program Contact Us ; California Privacy Rights and Other Countries Glossary of Terms We will collect information , including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information , when you interact with us and the Site , for example when you : access or use the Site ; register , subscribe , or create an account with Groupon ; open or respond to our e-mails ; provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of , or together with , Business Partners ; visit any page online that displays our ads or content ; purchase products or services on or through the Site ; connect or link to any Site via social networking sites ; post comments to Online Communities ; and provide information to our Vendors .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the collection of information in any way other than as listed above .
We think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and what you like .
However , you can limit the information you provide to Groupon , and you can limit the communications that Groupon sends to you .
You can manage your email and notice preferences by logging into your account through the Groupon website , entering the My Stuff section , and selecting My Email Subscriptions , or via the Groupon mobile application , by selecting Project in your account options and then selecting Subscriptions .
You can also manage your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial e-mails that we send you .
You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages , and may choose to unsubscribe from others .
You may update your subscription preferences at any time .
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email messages , we may still need to contact you with important transactional information related to your account and your purchases .
For example , even if you have unsubscribed from our promotional email messages , we will still send you confirmations when you make purchases on the Site .
You may manage how your browser handles Cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings .
Browsers are different , so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available .
You can opt-out of being targeted by certain Third-Party Ad-Servers online using the National Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool , or on TRUSTe 's site .
You may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share certain Device Data with Groupon , as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device .
Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings .
You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications .
Please refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between Groupon and your social networking account or your mobile device .
If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our Business Partners , you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you .
We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) , use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement to : Operate , maintain and improve the Site and our services ; Provide you with personalized ads and offers for products and services from us and participating Business Partners ; Facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the Site for example , for Groupon vouchers and other goods and services , including tracking redemption ;
Evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers , products or services that may be of interest to you , and analyze advertising effectiveness
; Answer your questions and respond to your requests ; Perform analytics and conduct customer research ; Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Groupon and our Business Partners , sometimes by combining your information with information from Other Sources ; Send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , support and administrative messages , service bulletins , marketing messages , and requested information , including on behalf of Business Partners ; Administer rewards , surveys , sweepstakes , contests , or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners ; Manage our everyday business needs , such as administration of the Site , forum management , fulfillment , analytics , fraud prevention , and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Use , or to comply with the law ; Allow you to apply for a job , post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants , Business Partners , or third parties through the Site , and to Enhance other information we have about you directly or from Other Sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests .
We also may use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by law .
We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) may share your Personal Information as required or permitted by law : with any Groupon Affiliate who may only use the Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement ; with our Vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect the Personal Information ; to report or collect on debts owed to us or our Business Partners ; with relevant Business Partners : with whom we jointly offer products and services ; to facilitate a direct relationship with you , including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the Business Partner ; to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase , a sponsored reward , offer , contest , program , or other activity in which you have elected to participate ; to the extent you have purchased or redeemed a Groupon voucher , goods or services offered by a Business Partner or participated in an offer , rewards , contest or other activity or program sponsored or offered through Groupon on behalf of that Business Partner ; with a purchaser of Groupon or any of the Groupon Affiliates ( or their assets ) ; to comply with legal orders and government requests , or as needed to support auditing , compliance , and corporate governance functions ; to combat fraud or criminal activity , and to protect our rights or those of our Affiliates , users , and Business Partners , or as part of legal proceedings affecting Groupon ; in response to a subpoena , or similar legal process , including to law enforcement agencies , regulators , and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate ; or with your consent .
We encourage Business Partners to adopt and post privacy policies .
However , their use of Personal Information obtained through Groupon is governed by their privacy policies and is not subject to our control .
We may also disclose Non-Identifiable Information :  for the same reasons we might share Personal Information ; with Business Partners for their own analysis and research ; to facilitate targeted content and ads ; or with Third-Party Ad-Servers to place our ads and/or ads of our merchants or Business Partners on the Site and on third-party sites , and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads .
We do not share Personal Information with Third-Party Ad-Servers ; however , Third-Party Ad-Servers may automatically collect Non-Identifying Information about your visit to the Site and other websites , your device address , your Internet Service Provider and the browser you use to visit the Site .
They do this by using Cookies , clear gifs and other technologies .
Information collected may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the Site and the other websites tracked by these third parties .
This Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by Third-Party Ad-Servers , and Groupon is not responsible for Cookies or clear gifs in third party ads .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of Cookies and other technologies .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers , please visit http :
//www.networkadvertising.org .
You provide us with your Personal Information when you register , subscribe , create an account , purchase or redeem Groupon vouchers , or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site .
We also collect Personal Information when you contact us online for customer service and other support using self-help tools , such as email , text , or by posting to an Online Community .
We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources .
Groupon will use such information in accordance with applicable laws .
Such information , when combined with Personal Information collected as provided in this Privacy Statement , will also be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
We also use cookies , tags , web beacons , local shared objects , files , tools and programs to keep records , store your preferences , improve our advertising , and collect Non-Identifying Information , including Device Data and your interaction with the Site and our Business Partners ' web sites .
We use Cookies that contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your Site activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with the Site .
We use session cookies on a temporary basis , such as to manage your view of pages on the Site .
We use persistent cookies for a number of purposes , such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided ( for example , your user
id if you asked to be remembered ) , and storing your preferences ( for example , the cities for which you want to be shown Groupon vouchers ) .
Information from Cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to the Site and the website you visit after you leave the Site .
When you access these pages or open email messages , we use Pixel Tags and Web Beacons to generate a notice of that action to us , or our Vendors .
These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Site ' pages and promotions .
Device Data may be collected when your device interacts with the Site and Groupon , even if you are not logged into the Site using your device .
If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device , please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings .
Groupon has implemented an information security program that contains administrative , technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information .
For example , we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure Financial Account Information .
You can access , update and delete your , Financial Account Information , and the other information you provided to us in your profile by logging into your account and accessing the My Account section of the Site or sending us an email at privacy @ groupon.com .
Keeping your Personal Information current helps ensure that we , our Affiliates and Business Partners offer you the offers that are most relevant to you .
If you want to close your Groupon account or have other questions or requests , please contact us .
While we are ready to assist you in managing your subscriptions , closing your account , and removing your active profile , we can not always delete records of past interactions and transactions .
For example , we are required to retain records relating to previous purchases on the Site for financial reporting and compliance reasons .
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you services contact us at support @ groupon.com .
We will retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Social Community Areas
The Site may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information , communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs , review products and merchants , and submit media content .
Prior to posting in these areas , please read our Terms of Use carefully .
All the information you post may be accessible to anyone with Internet access , and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read , collected , and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
You should avoid publicly posting Personal Information or identifying information about third parties .
Connecting through Social Networks Groupon offers social networking users the opportunity to interact with friends and to share on social networks .
If you are logged into both Groupon and a social network , when you use the Site ' social networking connection functions , we will link your social network account with your Groupon account if the email addresses match .
If the email addresses do not match , we ask you if you want to link them and you must validate that you control the accounts .
If you are already logged into Groupon but not logged into your social network site , when you use the Site ' social network connection functions , you will be prompted to enter your social network web site credentials or to sign up for the social network .
If you are not currently registered as a Groupon user and you use the Site 's social network connection functions , you will first be asked to enter your social network credentials and then be given the option to register and join Groupon .
Once you register with Groupon and connect with the social network , you will be able to automatically post recent Groupon activity back to your social network .
Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network account to manage the data that is shared through your account .
By proceeding through any of the above steps , you grant Groupon permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network 's terms of use and this Privacy Statement .
This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information by Groupon through your interaction with the Site .
Other websites that may be accessible through links from the Site may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection , use , and disclosure practices .
Our Business Partners may also have their own privacy statements .
We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of a sponsored offer or promotion .
Groupon , Inc. is headquartered in the United States of America .
We recognize that the European Community has established a data protection regime pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC ( the Directive ) .
The Directive applies to the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Switzerland has also established a data protection regime pursuant to the Federal Act on Data Protection ( FADP ) .
These regimes restrict companies in the EEA and Switzerland ( collectively , EEA/CH ) from transferring personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH to the United States , unless there is adequate protection for such personal data when it is received in the United States .
To create such adequate protection and allow our Affiliates , Vendors and Business Partners to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by the Directive and the FADP , we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by US Department of Commerce ( Safe Harbor Principles ) with respect to personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH that our subsidiaries and Business Partners in the EEA/CH send to us , ( EEA/CH Data ) .
More information on the Safe Harbor Principles and Groupon , Inc. 's scope of participation is available at http : //export.gov/safeharbor/ .
Groupon 's policy concerning the processing of EEA/CH Data under its certification can be viewed at http :
//www.groupon.com/safe-harbor .
If you live outside the United States ( including in the EEA/CH ) , and you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information directly via the Site , your information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
By using the Site or giving us your Personal Information , you are directly transferring your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information to us in the United States .
The United States may not have the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction .
However , you agree and consent to our collection , transfer , and processing of your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
You are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information .
Regardless of where we transfer your information , we still protect your information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement .
Groupon does not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen , and such use is prohibited .
The Site is designed and intended for adults .
By using Groupon , you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the Site .
We will promptly delete information associated with any account be obtain actual knowledge is associated with a registered user who is not at least eighteen years old .
TRUSTe online privacy certification Groupon , Inc. has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Statement or practices , please contact us at privacy @ groupon.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The TRUSTe program only covers information collected on the Web site www.groupon.com .
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement .
You can reach us online at privacy @ groupon.com .
You can reach us via postal mail at the following address :  Groupon Inc .
Attention :
Privacy Office 600 West Chicago Avenue Chicago , Illinois 60654 USA
If you reside in Canada , you may have the right to be provided with access to Personal Information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to Vendors outside Canada .
E-mail us at privacy @ groupon.com with questions .
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the proceeding calendar year .
In particular , the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties , the names and addresses of those third parties , and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties .
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Groupon pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , please contact us via the email or address stated above .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
Affiliate means a company owned and/or controlled by Groupon , Inc .
Business Partners means , collectively , third parties with whom we conduct business , such as merchants , co-marketers , distributors , and resellers .
Cookie means a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account , your preferences , and your use of the Site .
Some cookies are temporary , whereas others may be configured to last longer .
Session cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons , such as to manage page views .
Your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser .
Persistent cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser .
Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access , use , or interact with the Site , such as operating system type or mobile device model , browser type , domain , and other system settings , the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device , geo-location , unique device identifier or other device identifier , mobile phone carrier identification , and device software platform and firmware information .
Non-Identifying Information means information that alone can not identify you , including data from Cookies , Pixel Tags and Web Beacons , and Device Data . Non-
Identifying Information may be derived from Personal Information .
Online Communities means , collectively , our social networking pages or accounts , forums , bulletin boards , discussion groups , chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or linked through the Site .
Other Sources means sources of information that legally provide Groupon with your information , and which are outside the scope of this Privacy Statement at the time of collection .
Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or , when combined with other information we have , can be used to identify you .
This includes the following types of information :  Contact Information : your name , postal addresses , email addresses , social networking website user account names , telephone numbers , or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications .
Relationship Information : information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle , interests , and activities , including location information related to your state/province , city , or neighborhood ; areas of interest , the types of deals that interest you , information collected through your interactions with social networks , demographic information ( e.g. , birth date , age , gender ) ; information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you ; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred ;  Transaction Information : information you provide when you interact with us and the Site , such as the Groupon vouchers
you are interested in , purchase and redeem ; email and other communications ; and how you interact with Business Partners and our Vendors ; and Financial Information : information collected from you as needed to process payments for Groupon vouchers or other products or services that you buy , or as provided by you to administer your participation in optional services and programs , such as your payment card number , expiration date , and card verification number .
Pixel Tags and Web Beacons means tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions .
Third-Party Ad-Servers means Vendors and other third parties that provide the technology to place ads on websites and track ad performance .
Vendors means , collectively , third parties that perform business operations on behalf of Groupon , such as transaction processing , billing , mailing , communications services ( e-mail , direct mail , etc. ) , marketing , data processing and analytics , servicing , collections , or ad management .
Privacy Policy Newegg.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to any outside parties , except as outlined in this policy .
We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information , such as order confirmations and order status updates .
Information collected includes your name , shipping address , billing address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , and payment information such as your credit card number .
We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information .
To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential , DO NOT share this information with anyone .
If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions , your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items .
In order to process your orders placed on this website , you must first complete the registration form .
During registration , you will be required to provide your contact information , which includes your name , e-mail address , telephone number and street address .
This information is used to provide you with important Newegg.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail .
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders .
During the order process , you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number , expiration date , money order , wire transfer or check information .
This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order .
If we have trouble processing an order , we will use this contact information to get in touch with you .
To properly process your credit card information , we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval .
This process is protected by an enhanced security system .
See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures .
We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties , except those specified in the Sharing section of this policy .
We customize certain Web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie .
If you choose to reject the cookie , you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise .
The Newegg.com shopping cart can not function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained .
If you disable cookies , Newegg.com will be unable to accept your online order .
We will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party .
We will , however , link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site .
This allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. , advertisers ) use cookies on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Newegg.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information , and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties .
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf .
These functions may include order fulfillment , package delivery , marketing assistance , postal and e-mail delivery , customer service , data analysis , and credit processing .
The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes .
FedEx Corporation 942 South Shady Grove Road Memphis , TN 38120 1-800-GO-FEDEX www.fedex.com UPS Corporate Headquarters 55 Glenlake Parkway , NE Atlanta , GA 30328
1-800-PICK-UPS www.ups.com US Postal Service Headquarters 475 L 'Enfant Plaza , SW Washington , DC 20260
1-800-ASK-USPS
www.usps.com
We may frame or mask another website so that the look , feel and interface simulate the experience of browsing a genuine Newegg.com web page .
Extreme care and discretion is exercised when evaluating third party sites .
We only brand third party sites if their organization applies stringent security and privacy practices which parallel our own commitment to safe online shopping .
As our business continues to evolve , we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries .
Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions .
In such a situation , your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law , and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website .
The testimonials section of the Newegg.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences .
The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials .
Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg.com .
Newegg.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion .
By posting your comment ( s ) or testimonial ( s ) ( " Testimonial " ) on our website , you give us permission to reprint or use the Testimonial in connection with our business .
You also are agreeing to the following : ( 1 ) The reprint or use of the Testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation ; ( 2 ) We may use the Testimonial with or without any pseudo ( pen ) name credit ; ( 3 ) Our right to use the Testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us ; ( 4 ) We may use the Testimonial locally , nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media , information or communication platform ( including Internet advertising ) currently in use or later developed ; and
( 5 ) You and not someone else composed and posted the Testimonial .
Other than your pseudo ( pen ) name , which we may or may not use , your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your Testimonial .
Newegg.com does not sell products for purchase by children .
Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only .
If you are under the age of 18 , you may only use Newegg.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian .
We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13 .
Newegg.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children .
This website contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that Newegg.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site , and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website .
Newegg.com takes precautions to protect its customers ' information .
When you submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and offline .
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information ( such as your credit card number ) , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL .
Newegg.com uses the most advanced form of SSL software available : 128-bit encryption by VeriSign .
To learn more about SSL , follow this link www.verisign.com .
Access to all of our users ' information is restricted .
Newegg.com operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid ID badges .
Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information .
If you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order , you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order .
Otherwise , you may contact us at webmaster @ newegg.com , or call toll free 1-800-390-1119 , to request that your information be deleted from our database .
For future transactions , you will be required to re-enter your information .
All Newegg.com servers , including web servers and database servers , are housed and maintained in secure locations .
Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access .
Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple Checkpoint and Cisco firewalls and password protection .
The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment , inside a secured and locked room .
All backups are stored and locked in a high-level security room .
Only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas .
Tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization .
All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices .
Every quarter , in addition to any time a new policy is added , Newegg.com employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance of privacy , and what they can do to ensure that customers ' information remains protected at all times .
If you have any questions or concerns about Newegg.com 's security practices , you can send us an email at service @
newegg.com .
Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Newegg.com permission to send them such information .
To honor the privacy of our users , we offer the option to not receive these types of communications .
At the time of your order , you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field .
Furthermore , all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news .
Customers might still receive intermittent updates on products , services , specials or Newegg.com news .
Please reference the Choice/Opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed .
Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our Help section .
You must have your username and password in order to access your account .
In the event you forget both your username and password , please contact our customer service department for assistance .
For customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving Newegg.com special offers and related news , Newegg.com provides several ways to do so .
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by un-checking the " permission to send " field when processing their orders .
They may also send e-mails to webmaster @ newegg.com with a request to be removed .
Finally , they may use the link provided in all Newegg.com communications to automatically unsubscribe .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage .
If you have opted out of receiving communications from Newegg.com , you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.newegg.com .
Otherwise , you may e-mail us at webmaster @ newegg.com or call us toll free at ( 800 ) 390-1119 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates .
Last Update
The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective June 1 , 2005 .
Address Newegg.com 9997
Rose Hills Road Whittier , CA 90601 Welcome !
This privacy policy applies to customer information collected and used by Kohl 's Corporation and its affiliates in Kohl 's retail stores ( " Stores " ) and on our " Site. "  
For purposes of this privacy policy , " Site " means those websites linking to this Policy , including without limitation , Kohls.com , its related subdomains and microsites , Kohl 's mobile applications and Kohls.com accessed through Kohl 's kiosks and/or your mobile device .
To view your separate Kohl 's Credit Card Privacy Policy , please click here .
Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) which explains what type of information is collected both in our Stores and through our Site , how that information is used , to whom it is disclosed , and how it is safeguarded .
By using the Site and shopping in our Stores , you agree to the terms of this Policy and our use of your information as described in this Policy , and you expressly agree to comply with Kohl 's Legal Notices .
Back to Top ( a ) Information Collected
When You Interact with Kohl 's : We collect information , including personal information , from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Kohl 's , both in our Stores and through our Site .
Examples of information we may collect include your name , home address , email address , telephone number , mobile phone number , precise location information , mobile device identification , Site traffic and navigational information , credit card number , purchase and order information , demographical information and event-related information for gift registries .
Such information can be collected , for instance , when :  You follow the checkout process and make an online or in-store purchase , return or exchange ; You purchase an electronic gift card ; You create a personalized Kohls.com shopping account for your convenience ; You use our online order tracking ; You sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages ( including offers and sales alerts ) ; You sign up to join a loyalty , rewards or similar program or club ; You provide your contact information and product preferences in consulting with our beauty associates ; You participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes , contests and/or surveys or focus groups ; You create or update a gift registry ; You use the Ratings & Reviews or related services and features ; You submit a request to our Customer Service team ; You sign up for , and/or maintain , a Kohl 's Charge card ; You use and navigate Kohl 's Sites , including features to find store locations ; You click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements ;
You install , use , and navigate Kohl 's mobile applications and/or mobile website ; You participate in the Kohl 's Blog and/or use Kohl 's pages on social media sites , such as Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram ( " Social Media Pages " ) .
You use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some Stores .
( b ) Information from Other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources and third parties .
For instance , we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information , such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers .
Back to Top
We use the information we collect to carry out our core business functions , such as : ( i ) processing purchase , return or exchange transactions ; ( ii ) providing the products or services you request ; ( iii ) improving our Site and our Stores ; ( iv ) marketing and promotional purposes ; ( v ) communicating with you ; and ( vi ) to enhance your overall Kohl 's shopping experience across channels .
In order to accomplish these objectives , we may also combine information about you that we collect in our Stores and through our Site , including your use of our mobile applications and Wi-Fi Services .
Back to Top ( a )
Internally : We may share your information within Kohl 's Corporation , including with our affiliates ( b ) Merger or Acquisition :
In the event that Kohl 's and/or its affiliates would merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity as well as ( or portions through ) an asset sale or is involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control , some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared , as well as retained by Kohl 's .
( c ) Service Providers :
We provide your information to companies that provide support services to Kohl 's , such as : printers , marketing providers , analytics companies , web hosting providers , contest and survey administrators , call center service providers , payment processors , fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers .
We may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business , such as Kohl 's Charge .
These companies need your personal information to perform their functions , to fulfill your requests and to make your shopping experience more satisfying .
( d )
Elsewhere at your Direction : At your direction , we may share your information .
For instance , if you participate in any Kohl 's Gift Registry , you agree that your name ( s ) , event date ( s ) , state and complete Gift List will be viewable on the Site , our partnership Gift Registry websites and/or in Kohl 's Stores to anyone who searches , finds and selects the registrants ' names when using the Gift Registry feature .
If Gift Registry participants do not want this information accessible on Kohls.com and/or our partnership Gift Registry websites , they may call Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 to request registry access be restricted to Kohl 's Stores only .
( e ) Legal or Safety Requirements :
Kohl 's may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based upon our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law , to protect users of our Site or the Site itself , to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights and property of Kohl 's .
Back to Top
The following applies to your use of Kohl 's mobile website , mobile applications , and/or Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores :
( a ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages :
Kohl 's distributes mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested the coupons and consented to the text messages via an opt-in request .
The opportunity to opt out of a specific text message marketing campaign will be made available with the messages we send .
Refer to " Choices Regarding Your Information " section below for more options .
( b ) Information Collected Automatically
: Kohl 's collects certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use ; device identifier ; your mobile operating system ; pages you visit on our mobile site ; search terms ; the type of mobile Internet browsers you use ; and information about the way you use our mobile website and applications .
( c ) Precise Location Information :
If you elect to utilize the location-based features and functionalities made available by Kohl 's through its mobile website or mobile applications , or simply by using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores , Kohl 's may collect mobile device identification and precise , real-time location-based information from technologies like Wi-Fi , or cell tower triangulation ( or a combination of these technologies ) .
If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi services or any location-based service offered through our mobile website or through a Kohl 's mobile application or click "
Do n't Allow " when your mobile device requests your location-based information .
Once you elect to allow location-based services through a Kohl 's mobile application , you are agreeing that we can use your location data when you use location-based features like the store locator , and we can continue to collect your location information when you are at a Kohl 's Store unless you turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application .
Refer to Choices Regarding Your Information section below for more options .
( d )
Other Information :
With respect to other information collected through our mobile website or Kohl 's mobile applications , we may collect the same type of information as addressed in " Types of Information We Collect " and will use and share the collected information in the manner described in " How We Use Your Information " and " How We Share Your Information. "  
Back to Top ( a ) General :
A cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer 's browser .
At Kohls.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open .
We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag .
Persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser .
We use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation .
For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on Kohls.com .
Managing cookies varies from browser to browser , so please refer to your browser for further information .
If you would like to disable cookies from Kohls.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Site .
If you block cookies from Kohls.com , you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features of our Site .
We also use pixel tags ( sometimes called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails .
Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior , collecting information about your visit , including pages you view , links you click , whether you open an email or if our banner ads on our Site or other websites are effective .
The information collected may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer .
We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before and immediately after coming to our Site , including banner ads bringing you to or taking you from Kohls.com Identifiers for Advertising ( " IFA " ) or other device identifiers may be used when you use Kohl 's mobile application or utilize Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in Stores , as described in the Mobile and Location-Based Services portion of this Policy .
Kohl 's may also use service providers and/or third-party analytic companies acting on behalf of Kohl 's to implement these cookies , pixel tags and similar technologies to help us track , collect and analyze this information to improve our Site .
( b ) Technology Used to Serve Advertisements on Websites .
Kohl 's and our third-party vendors , such as Google , use first- and third-party cookies to inform , optimize and serve ads based upon a user 's past visits to our Site , and to report upon how Kohl 's ad impressions and other ad services are related to the Site .
We may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you .
This collective information may be used for interest-based advertising ( also called " online behavioral advertising " ) in order to personalize your online experience , improve our website , and to tailor our marketing to you .
To learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising , click here .
Back to Top ( a ) Personal Information Collected Directly by Kohl 's : Kohl 's may collect personal information from you through our Social Media Pages if you provide it .
Examples of how personal information may be collected directly on Social Media Pages include your provision of information through ( i ) an application or form which links to this Policy , including Kohl 's sweepstakes or contests appearing on our Social Media Pages ; and/or ( ii ) you interact with a Kohl 's representative concerning a customer service or other issue , question , or comment .
( b ) Personal Information Collected by the Social Media Sites : This Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Kohl 's has Social Media Pages .
Please review the privacy policies and terms of use on the Social Media Pages if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices .
The social media sites where Kohl 's has its Social Media Pages may provide aggregate and customer information and analysis to Kohl 's about visitors ' use of our Social Media Pages and Kohl 's advertising on these sites .
Back to Top ( a ) Email :
Each promotional email you receive from Kohl 's will offer you the continuing opportunity to cancel or opt out of Kohl 's email list .
In addition , if you decide that you would rather not receive promotional emails from us in the future , you may unsubscribe at this address : http : //www.kohls.com
/homepage/sale_alert_unsub.jsp ( b ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages
: If you have signed up for text messages and/or mobile coupons , but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , you can simply follow the opt-out instructions provided in each mobile message , or you can contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 .
( c ) Mobile Application and Location-Based Services :
If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using a location-based service or functionality or click " Do n't Allow " when your mobile device requests your location-based information .
In addition , if you previously opted into Kohl 's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application , you may turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application at any time through the Settings on your mobile device .
Additionally , you can stop collection of all location-based information by uninstalling the application and refraining from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services available in some Stores .
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
( d ) Postal Mail :
If you wish to be removed from the list of customers who receive direct mail through the post mail , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address
( please be sure to include your full name and mailing address where you are receiving the direct mail that you wish to discontinue ) :  
Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc .
PO Box 3120 Milwaukee , WI 53201 ( e ) Interest-Based Advertising : For more information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in , and the effect of opting out , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ ( f )
Cookies : Refer to the Help function of your browser to learn more about cookie settings and options .
( g ) Other Website Analytics Services :
To learn more about the analytic services provided to Kohl 's by Omniture and Google , respectively , and/or to exercise your opt-out choices , please click on the following links :  - Omniture : http : //www.adobe.com/privacy.html - Google Analytics : http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html and https : //www.google.com
/settings/ads
( h ) Update
Your Information : If you have created a Kohls.com shopping account and/or a gift registry , you can update your information by signing back into your account or registry .
If you have any other requests , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc .
PO Box 3043 Milwaukee , WI 53201 Back to Top Under California law , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
The notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties , as well as the name and address of the third parties that receive such personal information .
If you want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc. , Attn .
Kohls.com Team , PO Box 3043 Milwaukee , WI 53201 California residents are also advised that Kohl 's ( and certain third parties authorized by Kohl 's ) does track users ' behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of serving targeted ads , for instance , or as further described in the " How We Use Your Information " above .
As noted , we use third-party advertising vendors that use first- and third-party cookies to gather information as customers interact with Kohl 's Site and interact with other websites .
Once gathered , this information helps us to serve ads on our website and other websites .
For information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in , and the effect of opting out , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
You should be aware that our Site may not recognize Do Not Track header information from some or all browsers .
Back to Top ( a ) Online Security : Kohls.com utilizes Secure Sockets Layering ( " SSL " ) to encrypt the information you provide ( including , but not limited to , name , address and credit card number ) as it is transmitted across the Internet to Kohls.com .
This means you should not be able to place an order through an unsecured connection .
Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on the Site , because of the open nature of the Internet , we can not guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our servers or on those of our third parties , or transmitted to or from Kohls.com , will be free from unauthorized access or disclosure .
Accordingly , and as set forth in our Legal Notices , we disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to , disclosure or damage to , interception of , theft , or loss of any data communications and/or personal information .
By using the Site , you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks .
Kohl 's is also BBB Accredited for the Web .
Click on the BBB Seal below to learn more about this certification .
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES BBBOnLine Reliability Seal ( b )
In-store Cameras :
Kohl 's uses in-store cameras , primarily for fraud detection and security , as well as for operational purposes , such as measuring traffic patterns .
Back to Top The Site , including its mobile applications and tools , is not marketed to , and does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from , children under the age of 13 .
Back to Top
Please review the My Kohl 's Charge Online Privacy Policy available on the My Kohl 's Charge website to learn how any information you provide to My Kohl 's Charge is protected and used .
Back to Top For your convenience , our Site may contain links to outside websites .
Kohl 's is not responsible for the web practices of those sites , and we expressly disclaim liability and responsibility for those links .
Please view the respective privacy policies and terms of use provided on those sites if you have any questions about their web practices , which Kohl 's has neither reviewed nor endorsed .
Back to Top As we continue to offer new and different types of content and services , Kohl 's may modify our collection and use practices covered by this Policy .
Should there be a material change to our information practices , it will be applied only to information collected on a go-forward basis , and we will update this privacy policy statement as reflected by updating the date at the beginning of this Policy .
For this reason , Kohl 's encourages you to review this Policy statement each time you visit this Site .
Back to Top If you have any questions , comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy , please feel free to contact us at customer.service @
kohls.com
Macy 's and macys.com Notice of Privacy Practices
This notice of privacy practices was updated on January 9 , 2013 .
This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected in Macy 's stores , online at macys.com , and via mobile applications ( Macy 's iShop , macys.com accessed through your mobile device ) .
To view your separate Department Store National Bank Privacy Policy for your Macy 's credit card and to read more information about our credit services , please click here .
This Notice of Privacy Practices explains :  The kinds of information we collect How we use information Our information sharing practices Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices How you may access some of the information you provide to us We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices .
If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Customer Service department :  By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN :
Privacy Office P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254
Via e-mail at privacy.master
@
macys.com
Your access of and use of our web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal Notice .
We collect information from a variety of sources , including information provided by you , information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores and information we collect about you from third party sources .
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect : Information you provide : Name Address ( billing and shipping ) Zip code e-mail address Telephone number ( s ) Mobile number ( s ) Credit card number ( s )
Birth date Password Information associated with use of our Web site : macys.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons , such as IP address to enhance your experience on our Web site .
Information associated with doing business with Macy 's : Transaction information , including : Items purchased Date and time of your transaction Information from third party sources : We may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier .
Back to Top We may use the information we collect to process a transaction , provide the products or services you request , to improve our Web site and stores , to enhance your shopping experience , and for marketing and promotional purposes .
We may combine information about you that we collect on-line , in our stores , via mobile applications , and from third party sources .
Cookies and Other Technologies on macys.com
This section addresses macys.com use of cookies and Flash Cookies .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer 's browser .
A web beacon ( also known as tracking pixels or clear GIF ) is an embedded image on a Web site that monitors a Web site 's activity .
At macys.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open .
We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag .
Persistent cookies last from visit to visit ; they do not go away when you exit your browser .
At macys.com , we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to help you navigate our Web site more efficiently .
For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed .
Managing cookies preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information .
If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from macys.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site .
If you block cookies from macys.com , you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site .
A Flash Cookie ( also known as Local Shared Object ) is a data file stored on your computer by the web sites that you visit ( click here for more details ) .
From time to time , macys.com uses Flash Cookie ( s ) on the web site , for example , to enable or control Flash-based content .
Flash Cookies provide similar functionality as the cookies ( discussed above in this section ) , but are based on different technology and are persistent .
To manage the Flash Cookie settings and preferences for your computer , please click here and you will be directed to the Settings Manager on Adobe 's web site .
You may also be able to manage Flash Cookies from your browser , depending on the version of your browser .
Back to Top We may share your information within Macy 's , Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ( including Bloomingdale 's ) .
We may also share your information with third parties with whom we have relationship ( to opt-out of third party sharing please click here ) .
For example :  Internally When you make a purchase , we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction .
Externally We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you .
Coremetrics We work with a third party company , Coremetrics , to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site .
The information that we collect through cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our Web site , what you purchased , and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site .
Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from macys.com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection .
We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics .
Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us .
Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence .
For more information , please view the Coremetrics privacy policy .
To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior , please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice .
Back to Top E-mail : To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from macys.com , you may :
Unsubscribe by signing into your account on macys.com , clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference .
Use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by macys.com .
Contact us : By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN :
Privacy Office P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Note : It may take up to 10 business days to process your request .
Mobile Marketing : To opt-out of mobile marketing , you may :  
Reply STOP to any macys.com text message on your mobile phone/wireless device .
Contact us : By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN :
Privacy Office P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Note : Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request .
We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes .
Direct Mail or Telemarketing : To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls , you may :  Contact us : By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN :
Privacy Office P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state one of the following : " NO MAIL OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive offers by mail ) "
NO PHONE OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive offers by phone ) ; or " NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive either )
By phone at 1.888.529.2254 .
Note : Because listings often are prepared well in advance ( 12-16 weeks , in many cases ) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request .
Third Party Sharing : If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes , you can :  Contact us : By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN :
Privacy Office P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state " NO THIRD PARTY SHARING " in your request .
By phone at 1.888.529.2254 .
Online Behavioral Advertising :
Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant , targeted advertising of interest to you .
Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising .
If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising , please click here .
Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from macys.com ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you .
Coremetrics :
As a macys.com user , you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics ' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously .
Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select , with respect to Coremetrics , on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices .
Back to Top If you are a registered user of macys.com , you can update your information in My Account .
If you have questions about your order , you may check your order status online in My Order .
If you have any additional questions , please call our Customer Service department at 1.888.529.2254 .
If you are an international customer , and want to access your information , please click here .
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 ( for example - name , address , e-mail address , social security number , etc. )  
Our policy is not to collect any personal information on any person under 13 .
For this reason , our online sweepstakes , e-mail and mobile sign ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13 .
If this policy changes , macys.com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which includes providing notice and choice to each child 's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information .
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information .
If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Macy 's Customer Service , P.O .
Box 8067 , Mason , OH 45040 .
In your request , please specify that you want a " Your Macy 's California Privacy Rights Notice. "  
Please allow 30 days for a response .
To fill international orders , macys.com partners with Borderfree , Inc. ( formerly FiftyOne ) .
Borderfree will carefully process your personal information with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles established by the U.S. Department of Commerce .
Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments .
When you indicate you are shipping internationally , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfree .
On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from macys.com .
Borderfree will notify macys.com of the approval of your order , and macys.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions .
You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you agree that Borderfree may share your personal information with macys.com , that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce , the European Union and Switzerland that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance .
macys.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy .
If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated , based on the Safe Harbor Principles , macys.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint .
Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts , will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules .
International Centre for Dispute Resolution A Division of the American Arbitration Association 1101 Laurel Oak Road , Suite 100 Voorhees ,
NJ 08043 Phone : 856-435-6401 E-mail box : casefiling @
adr.org Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact macys.com to :  Inquire about or update their personal information Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information Comment on or ask questions regarding this notice Please e-mail us at internationalprivacy @
macys.com .
was this answer helpful ?
Print | Email other helpful answers
Highlights of Macy 's , Inc .
Notice of Privacy Practices Legal Notice
Our Products :
Product Recalls Pricing Policy for Online Merchandise Credit Card Privacy Policy
The Home Depot values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors .
The purpose of this Privacy and Security Statement is to provide you with information about how The Home Depot collects , uses , and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors .
It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information .
Our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products , services , and promotions .
About this Policy Information
We Collect How Information is Collected
How We Use Information Information Sharing Your Privacy Preferences
Our Sites and Children
Your California Privacy Rights Security Links More Questions ?
Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement
Our Tracking Techniques
My Account Registration and Use
This Privacy and Security Statement describes the privacy practices of The Home Depot , Inc. and its subsidiaries , divisions , affiliates , brands and other The Home Depot companies ( " The Home Depot " , our , or we ) .
It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors , including , but not limited to :  Use of our websites , including mobile websites Visits to our stores or attendance at one of our events Use of our applications for mobile phones , tablets or other smart devices Phone and email communications Social media interactions on our websites and other third party websites like Facebook , YouTube and Twitter Viewing our online advertisements or emails This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the practices of The Home Depot Canada , The Home Depot Mexico , Home Decorators Collection , or Red Beacon .
The privacy policy for Canada is www.homedepot.ca/privacy .
The privacy policy for Mexico is http : //www.homedepot.com.mx/comprar/es/torres/AvisodePrivacidad .
The privacy policy for Home Decorators Collection is www.homedecorators.com/privacy .
The privacy policy for Red Beacon is www.redbeacon.com/about/privacy .
Also , this policy does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites .
Contact information We may collect the names and user names of our customers and other visitors .
Additionally , we may collect your purchase history , billing and shipping addresses , phone numbers , email addresses , and other digital contact information .
We may also collect information that you provide us about others .
Payment information
When you make a purchase we collect your payment information , including information from your credit or debit card , check , PayPal account or gift card .
If you apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan , we might collect information related to your application .
Returns information
When you return a product to our stores or request a refund or exchange , we may collect information from you and ask you to provide your government issued ID .
We use the information we collect from you and capture off of your government issued ID to help prevent fraud .
To learn more about our Returns Policy , click here .
Demographic information We may collect information about products or services you like , reviews you submit , or where you shop .
We might also collect information like your age or gender .
Location information
If you use our mobile websites or applications , we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device 's GPS .
If you use our websites , we may collect location data obtained from your IP address .
We use this location data to find our nearest store to you , product availability at our stores near you and driving directions to our stores .
Other information If you use our websites , we may collect information about the browser you are using .
We might track the pages you visit , look at what website you came from , or what website you visit when you leave us .
We collect this information using the tracking tools described here .
To control those tools , please read the Your Privacy Preferences section .
We collect information directly from you .
The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you :  During website or survey registration
In connection with an online or in-store purchase If you use an online forum , submit a question or answer to our Product Q & A or provide us with comments or reviews
If you upload a photo or other digital content through one of our websites or applications If you register for a loyalty program or apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan
If you participate in a sweepstakes , contest , clinic or workshop
If you rent equipment or vehicles or request warranty or other information If you return a product or use a rebate
If you request we send you an electronic copy of your in-store receipt
In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites .
For example , when you use the features of our My Account tool like Express Checkout , Address Book , My Lists , My Project Guides , etc .
We collect information from you passively .
We may use tracking tools like browser cookies , flash cookies , and web beacons .
To learn more about these tools and how you can control them , click here .
We collect information from other sources .
We may get information about you from third party business partners , like an updated address from a shipping vendor .
We may collect information about you from a friend .
For example , if your friend purchases something for us to send to you .
We collect information from Affiliates of The Home Depot .
We may get information about you from a company controlled by , or under common control with , The Home Depot ( our Affiliates ) .
We use the information we collect for our business purposes , including : To respond to your questions and requests .
Examples include : Fulfilling orders or providing services Entering you into a sweepstakes or sending you prizes you might have won Registering you for a particular website , loyalty program , or extended warranty service or providing you with information regarding such programs or services Processing a return ( to learn more about our Returns Policy , click here )
Responding to a product or service review To improve our products and services .
We may use your information to make website or product and service improvements .
To look at website trends and customer interests .
We might use your information to customize your experience with us .
We may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties to assess trends and interests .
For security purposes .
We may use your information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites .
For example , we might use cameras in our stores to track store traffic or our stock .
For our marketing .
In certain circumstances , we may send you communications about special The Home Depot promotions or offers .
For example , if you have registered on a website and indicated you want to receive this information or if you gave us your information in one of our stores .
We may also notify you of new website features or product and service offerings .
If permitted , we may also send information about offers from our Affiliates and other companies we think you might find interesting .
To manage our communications with you , follow the instructions in the Your Privacy Preferences section below .
To communicate with you about your account or our relationship .
We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Privacy and Security Statement , the Terms of Use of our websites or mobile applications , or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolled .
We may also tell you about issues with your orders or if there is a product recall .
For other uses we may disclose to you .
We may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted , including : With third parties who perform services on our behalf .
We share information with our service providers , such as our delivery service providers who ship and deliver your online orders .
We might also authorize our service providers to collect information on our behalf .
Some service providers may be located outside of the United States .
We might also share information with the vendors and manufacturers of our products and services to respond to your reviews and questions .
To offer financial products .
We use service providers to offer financial products , such as The Home Depot credit card and home improvement loans .
We may share personal information about our consumers with these service providers in order to provide you with tailored information about products and services and special offers .
These service providers also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect , use and disclose personal information .
We encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your application for such financial products .
To provide extended warranty services .
If you purchase a The Home Depot Extended Warranty Service you will be required to provide information such as your name and address to our warranty service providers .
While these service providers are limited by contract in the way they may use your information to provide The Home Depot Extended Warranty Services , we encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your personal information for such services .
Data Sharing for Catalog Mailings .
We may share your name , address and transactional information about products you have purchased from our catalogs with third party companies so that you may receive future catalog offerings about products and services that may be of interest to you .
If you prefer not to have your information shared with third party companies for this purpose , please see the section below entitled Your Privacy Preferences .
With any successor to all or part of our business .
For example , if all or part of our business is sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction .
If we think we have to in order to comply with the law .
For example , we will disclose information to respond to a court order or subpoena .
We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it .
With our business partners .
For example , we might share information with one of our Affiliates or a business partner who is running a joint promotion with us or who provides a product or service in partnership with us .
To protect us .
For example , we will disclose information if we suspect fraud .
We will also share information as part of an investigation .
At your direction .
For example , if you ask us to provide your information to a third-party to facilitate the resolution of a dispute .
You can register or change your preferences to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by clicking www.homedepot.com/privacypreferences or emailing us .
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed .
Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages , we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or service request , asking you to review a product or service you have ordered , or notifying you of product recalls .
If you later opt back into getting marketing communications from us , we will remove your information from our opt-out databases .
Registered website users can update their information at the Your Account section of our website .
If you are not a registered website user , you can contact us by email .
To manage how we use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here .
Our websites and mobile applications are not created for children .
To our knowledge we do not collect information online from children under 18 .
If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child , please email customercare @ homedepot.com .
To learn more about how to protect your child online , visit the FTC 's www.
OnGuardOnline.gov .
You may also want to read the helpful information about children and privacy that the FTC provides by clicking here .
If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information .
You can make a request one time each year .
To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below .
Mention in your letter that you are making a " California Shine the Light " inquiry .
We will respond within 30 days .
When you place orders on our websites , all of your order information , including your credit card number and delivery address , is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server .
SSL technology , an industry standard , is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information .
While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information , the Internet is not 100 % secure .
The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect .
We can not promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe .
We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet .
Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select .
We strongly recommend that you do not share your password .
Our websites contain links to third party websites .
If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control .
This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the information practices of those websites .
You should read the privacy policies of other websites carefully .
We are not responsible for third party websites .
If you have additional questions you can call us at 1-800-553-3199 , fax us at 1-877-496-9470 , or reach us by email at thdCustomerCare @
homedepot.com .
You can write to us at :  The Home Depot Attention : Privacy Official Customer Care 2455
Paces Ferry Road Atlanta , GA 30339-4024 Effective Date :
January 1 , 2004
Last Revision Date : March 20 , 2013 From time to time
we may change our privacy policies .
We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement by posting an updated copy on our website .
Please check our website periodically for updates .
Tracking Tools
We Use We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools .
These may include browser and flash cookies .
We may also use web beacons and similar technologies .
We use these tools : To track new visitors to our websites .
To recognize returning customers .
To store your password if you are registered on our website .
To provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested .
As part of this customization , we may observe your behaviors on this website or on other websites .
We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners and vendors .
So we can better understand our audience , our customers , our website visitors , and their respective interests .
Controlling Our Tracking Tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies .
How you do so depends on the type of cookie .
Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies .
To control flash cookies , click here .
Why ?
Because flash cookies can not be controlled through your browser settings .
If you configure your computer to block cookies , you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our websites .
Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads
We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads .
This may include ads served on our websites or mobile applications .
This may also include ads served on other companies ' websites .
These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties .
For example , information a third party collects when you register for a website , like your zip code .
This might be used to target an ad for people in your area .
These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party websites .
To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes , click here .
My Account registration is an optional service provided by our website .
You do not have to register to browse or shop online .
When you register , you are asked for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , email address , and a username and password that you select .
You may also optionally provide information regarding your interests and home improvement projects or register your credit cards .
This information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier , by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information .
Effective September 2013
This web site or application ( " Site " ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee .
At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it .
If you have questions or would like further information on this topic , please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com .
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site .
Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy .
You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here :  Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes .
If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law .
Get answers and information about :  
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ?
What Information Do We Share and with Whom ?
Can I Disable Cookies ?
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ?
What About Links to Other Sites ?
Interest-Based Ads Online Advertisements Is My Information Secure ?
How Can I Access My Information ?
Can I " Opt-Out " of Receiving Promotional E-mails ?
Where Is My Information Stored ?
How May I Contact You ?
We may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site .
We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Sites other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content .
We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User )
and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Sites social networking features ; or provide you with other services .
Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts .
We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter .
This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account .
Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) .
Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that sites own privacy policy .
This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed .
We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friends name and email address .
We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location .
Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies .
We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you .
For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location .
Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site . Non-
PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags .
Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer .
We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click .
This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience .
This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you .
We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy .
The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so .
Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher .
We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information .
We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site .
You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) .
Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site .
In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents .
Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes .
We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities .
There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored .
Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function .
We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations .
If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel .
You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to " information " on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) .
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content .
If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites .
This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act .
This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites .
You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII .
This Site may display ads from other companies .
We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites .
Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity .
For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you .
Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf .
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page .
The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members .
See http : //www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page .
You may also visit http : //www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies .
If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process .
In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII .
While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII .
Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards .
You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member .
By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events .
Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site .
Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature .
From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages .
If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail .
Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc. ) .
Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at webmaster @
customerservice.sears.com .
Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us .
Privacy Policy Last revised June 5 , 2013 Our Commitment to Privacy Gap Inc. and our brands , which include but are not limited to Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta ( collectively , " Gap Inc. " ) , value our customers and respect your privacy .
We collect information about you in our stores and through our websites in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products , services , contests and promotions .
As described in this policy , we may share your information among our brands and , under certain circumstances , with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service .
For Athleta customers only , we may share your postal address and shopping history with like-minded third parties for their direct mail marketing purposes as described below .
This policy describes the personal information we collect about you , why we collect it , how we use it , and when we share it with third parties .
Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information .
If our information practices change , we will post an updated policy on our website .
You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above .
If we change the policy in a material way , we will provide appropriate notice to you .
You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time .
If you have any questions about our privacy policy , please contact us as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below .
Privacy Policy
What kind of information does Gap Inc. collect ?
How does Gap Inc. use my information ?
Does Gap Inc. share my information ?
How do I access or change my information ?
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ?
How do I stop receiving Athleta catalogs ?
How does Gap Inc. protect kids ' privacy ?
How does Gap Inc. use cookies and other tracking technologies ?
How is my information used for behavioral or interest-based advertising ?
How do I know my personal information is secure ?
What is " phishing " ?
I received a suspicious email from a Gap Inc. brand regarding an order I did not place .
What should I do ?
I responded to an online job posting for a Gap Inc. job that requires me to upload personal financial information .
Is this part of your hiring process ?
What about links to other websites ?
How do I contact you ?
Your California Privacy Rights We may collect personal information from you , such as your name , email address , postal address , phone number , credit card number , gender , birthday , personal interests , etc.
, when you visit one of our websites or stores , place an order online or by phone , make an in-store purchase , save your information with us online , contact us with a question or concern , or participate in a contest , promotion , or survey .
We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our stores .
We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners , from unrelated third parties , and from our other brands .
back to top We may use your personal information in the following ways :
To process and fulfill your order , including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email , postal mail , telephone , text message , or other means about our products , services , contests , and promotions , unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions To help us learn more about your shopping preferences To help us address problems with and improve our site design , products and services To enhance your shopping experience To analyze trends and statistics To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business To contact you if necessary You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls .
For instructions on opting out , please see the section entitled , " How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ? " , below .
back to top We may share your personal information in the following ways : When you provide personal information to one of our Gap Inc. brands ( Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , Athleta or Intermix ) , we may share that information with our other Gap Inc. brands .
If you purchase Athleta brand products through our website or by placing a catalog order by phone or mail , we may share your name , postal address , and shopping history with like-minded organizations whose privacy policies meet the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy standards , for their direct mail marketing purposes .
We do not share email addresses for such purposes .
We also do not share personal information about customers who only browse , email comments , request a catalog , or request email updates , or who purchase only Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , or Intermix merchandise .
If you would prefer that we not share information about you with other companies , please let us know by contacting Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below .
We may share your information with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf , such as fulfilling promotions , sending communications to our customers , conducting surveys , etc .
We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information .
We may share your information when we team up with another company to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions to our customers .
We may share information about you if necessary , in our good faith judgment , to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena , order , or government request , or to protect the rights of Gap Inc. or others .
In addition , if you choose to participate in any third-party scrip , loyalty , or similar program in which a Gap Inc. brand is a participating vendor , and you authorize Gap Inc. or our credit card processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program , we will share your personal information with that program .
Scrip programs allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on Gap Inc. purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations .
Loyalty programs allow you to earn " points " on purchases at Gap Inc. brands , which you may then use toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty programs in which you participate .
The information you authorize us to disclose to the third-party scrip or loyalty program may include your credit card number and the date and amount of your purchase , and may also include your name and other information you have asked us to provide .
Please note that once we disclose this information , the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy .
You should review these policies carefully , as we have no control over them .
In the unlikely event of a sale or merger of Gap Inc. or any of our businesses , our customers ' personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets .
back to top You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites ( such as your name and contact information ) .
To access your information at a Gap Inc. website , simply sign in to your account using your email address and password , and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile .
You can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below .
Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request .
back to top Gap Inc. and our brands , including Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta , want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us .
If you prefer not to receive promotional information , such as information about special offers and sales events , from one or more of our brands , you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below .
Please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from the Gap Inc. brand .
If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists , we will maintain your name in a " do not contact " file to ensure that we can honor your request .
It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request , during which period you may continue to receive communications from Gap Inc .
If you change your mind , you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences , by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or by contacting customer service .
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email .
We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order .
back to top
If you no longer wish to receive Athleta catalogs or wish to alert us to duplicate mailings , please contact Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below .
Please provide your exact name , postal address , and email address so that your request can be effectively processed .
It may take up to 90 days in order for your information to be completely removed from our list .
To learn more about your rights as a consumer and to receive less national advertising mail , please visit the Direct Marketing Association at http : //www.dmachoice.org/ .
back to top Gap Inc. is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet .
We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent .
Our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children .
back to top Our websites use " cookies , " which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website .
Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience .
For example , we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features , remember the items in your shopping cart , store your preferences , recognize you when you return to our website , track your orders , and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites .
Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorized us to provide your personal information .
( See the section entitled , " Does Gap Inc. share my information ? " , above. )  
We may also use our own cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other websites .
To opt out of this targeted online advertising that utilizes our cookies , please click here .
Please see the section below to learn more about behavioral or interest based online advertising that uses third party tracking technologies .
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites .
We also use " pixel tags " ( also called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails .
Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising .
We work with service providers that help us track , collect , and analyze this information .
Pixel tags on our sites may be used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites .
This information may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer .
We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site .
We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites .
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages , such as when you receive , open , or click a link in an email message from us .
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from and about you .
This information may be used to improve our websites , to personalize your online experience , to tailor our communications with you , to determine the effectiveness of our advertising , and for other internal business purposes .
back to top We work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies ( including cookies and pixel tags ) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet .
These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications .
For more information about this practice and to understand your options , please visit http : //www.aboutads.info . back to top We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience .
We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information .
When you enter your personal information on our websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us .
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser .
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active .
To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser .
If you have accessed a secure server , the first characters of the address in that line should change from " http " to " https. "  
If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at any of our websites , please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below .
back to top " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond .
We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email .
back to top We are aware of phony emails sent out under our brand names .
These emails did not originate from Gap Inc. , and individuals who received fraudulent order status emails have not been charged .
For your protection , do not click links or open any files attached to suspicious , unsolicited emails .
If you believe your personal computer has been compromised as a result of the scam , please consult an IT professional .
For more information , contact the FBI 's Internet Crimes Complaint Center : http : //www.ic3.gov/default.aspx .
We work with law enforcement on their investigations of these kinds of fraudulent emails .
back to top No . Gap Inc. does not ask prospective job applicants for information about their bank accounts , credit history or passwords to financial accounts .
If you are asked for personal financial or security information in response to a job application , this is likely a fraudulent job listing hosted by spammers posing as Gap Inc. to mislead job applicants .
You can validate all Gap Inc. job postings on gapinc.com/careers .
Spammers also create phony aliases such as thegap-usa.com to mimic our company and/or brand names in an effort to commit identity theft or other forms of fraud .
If you receive this type of suspicious email activity , please alert the FBI 's Internet Crimes Complaint Center : http : //www.ic3.gov/default.aspx back to top For your convenience and information , our websites may contain links to other sites , which may have privacy policies that differ from our own .
We are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked site .
We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that you access through our sites .
back to top For questions about our privacy policy , to make choices about receiving promotional communications , to update your personal information , or to place an order , you can contact any of our Gap Inc. brands by email , telephone , or postal mail :  Gap Customer Services 5930 Gap Online Drive Groveport , OH 43195-0002
