Generally , UEFA takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft , and misuse , as well as against unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
This policy may be amended from time to time .
If we amend the Privacy Policy in any way we will place an updated version on this page of the Website .
Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we will share it with other parties .
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website .
Updating your information You may review , correct , update or change your personal information at any time by accessing your account on uefa.com .
UEFA is subject to Swiss data protection laws when collecting and processing personal identifying information .
Questions or suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy , please click here .
UEFA.com 1998-2012 .
All rights reserved .
UEFA.com 1998-2013 .
All rights reserved .
Last updated : 15/11/12 15.54CET World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc .
Privacy Policy
Updated January 3 , 2014
The website you have entered is owned and operated by , or on behalf of , WWE , Inc. or its affiliates ( collectively , " WWE " , " we " or " us " ) .
Please note that this Privacy Policy contains capitalized words or phrases .
These words and phrases are defined terms .
Their definitions are found either in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms and Conditions of Use ( " Terms of Use " ) .
To help you use this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use we have made some words , phrases and headings into hyperlinks .
These words , phrases and headings have color highlighting .
WWE wants to help you make the most of your visit to our websites , and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy .
Most of the features on our websites are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you , however some features require you to provide your Personal Information .
For example , when you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service ( such as in the WWE Shop ) , you are required to submit Personal Information in connection with our providing various products and services to you .
You may also submit content of your own in areas of our websites and some of that User-Generated Content may contain Personal Information .
For those areas of our websites and services that do require us to collect Personal Information or allow voluntary submission of Personal Information , this Privacy Policy will offer suggestions on how to make good decisions for yourself and your family .
This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect , use , share , and safeguard information from this website , and in connection with WWE Magazine subscriptions ( whether through the websites , or otherwise ) .
The Personal Information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our websites or use the various products or services we offer .
This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our websites , and how to correct , change or delete information you have already provided to us .
By using this website , you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use our websites .
As used in this Privacy Policy , " Personal Information " means any information by which a particular natural person is reasonably identifiable .
Personal Information includes , for example a first name or initial and last name ; a home or other physical address ; a date of birth ; an email address or other online contact information ; or a telephone number .
When Personal Information is collected , you will know because you will be providing it to us ; for example , you may fill out a form on the website or submit information via your account or profile , or in connection with requesting various products or services .
When you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service , we will also collect additional Personal Information such as your credit or debit card information or information concerning any other payment mechanism we accept ( " Payment Information " ) .
We will use Payment Information only as described in this Privacy Policy to process and complete the transactions you have requested .
WWE is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children who may visit our websites .
We encourage parents to spend time online with their children , become familiar with the features of our websites and participate in the activities offered on our websites .
For more information on getting involved in your children 's online activities , please go to our WWE Parents site .
Our protections for the privacy of children include the following :  We do not knowingly solicit , collect , use or retain any Personal Information , for any purpose whatsoever ( including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes ) , from visitors to this website who are age 12 or younger .
In addition , we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention .
We do not allow visitors who we know to be age 12 or younger to be listed in any directory of registered users , to participate in any of our chat services , to register for contests , sweepstakes , promotions , or newsletters , or to receive direct marketing from WWE or from our third-party affiliates or service or product providers .
We do collect Personal Information as part of registration processes so that users can obtain certain services , such as newsletters , and so that they can set up accounts or profiles .
No person may open such accounts or profiles if he or she is age 12 or younger .
We do not knowingly allow such persons to register and our websites may employ features and procedures that are intended to help prevent under-age registrations .
If we believe that a person who is age 12 or younger has registered with us or set up a profile , account , or has otherwise violated our age-related requirements for a profile , we will terminate that registration and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to delete any Personal Information we have obtained , including all content from any profile or account .
However , in such cases we may retain a copy of the deleted content for law enforcement and regulatory purposes and to protect WWE .
We recommend that minors who are age 13 or older consult with their parents before sending any information about themselves over the internet .
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our websites , we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services
( see Opt-Out below ) .
We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children .
WWE collects Personal Information from visitors to our websites in a number of ways .
These include the following :  Subscriptions to our free newsletters , which include updates , special offers and promotions from WWE 's various entities , subsidiaries , and affiliates .
Participation in contests and sweepstakes .
Registrations to receive free downloadable desktop applications ( e.g. , screensavers ) .
Registrations to participate in chat services ( such as WWE.com chat and Pay Per View chats ) , message boards and the gaming area .
Registrations to send electronic greeting cards .
Registrations for individual accounts or profiles .
Purchases of merchandise , magazine subscriptions , Streaming Pay Per View events , and transactions where home delivery is required .
E-mail transmitted via various links on our websites .
The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary ; however , if you do not provide the Personal Information requested , we may elect to not make the related services available for your use .
If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal Information , we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and , if appropriate , share it with other interested parties ( such as manufacturers of merchandise you have purchased from a website ) .
If you send us an e-mail , you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
So , if your communication needs to include sensitive information like your Payment Information or social security number , please contact us by postal mail or telephone ( see contact us below ) rather than e-mail .
WWE also collects Personal Information from individuals who subscribe to our magazines , whether this is done online , over the phone , by mail , etc .
We must collect certain Personal Information , such as names and addresses , to provide subscriptions .
In order to track your use of our websites , " cookies " are employed .
We - and our affiliates and advertising partners - use two types of cookies -- so-called " browser cookies " and " Flash cookies " .
Browser cookies ( also called " HTTP cookies " ) are pieces of information that are sent by websites and stored in your computer 's hard drive , which provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer to save you from having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our websites .
They also allow us and our affiliates and advertising partners to learn how visitors use our websites .
This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by tallying pages viewed throughout our websites and logging Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) addresses , browser types , general geographic origin of access to our websites and similar usage data .
Flash cookies ( also called " Locally Shared Objects " or " LSOs " ) are also used to remember settings and preferences and to track usage .
However , Flash cookies are stored differently on your hard drive and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser .
In general , Flash cookies are more persistent and can store more data that browser cookies .
Our websites may use other technologies such as pixel tags , web beacons , or other forms of local storage , including HTML5 local storage ( collectively , " other technologies " ) in order to collect and track information about individuals to our websites .
Information collected from these types of technologies , and from cookies and Flash cookies , is collectively referred to as " website usage data. "  
Website usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors ' interests and to help our affiliates and advertisers better understand the preferences of our audience .
Providing website usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible .
In general , website usage data information does not identify you , although we may combine this website usage data with Personal Information under this Policy .
Our third-party advertisers also may place , access or recognize a browser or Flash cookie on your hard drive or use other technologies to collect and track information about you in order to serve the most appropriate advertisements .
Advertisers may use browser or Flash cookies and other technologies in manners that are not fully described in this policy , and we make no promises about how they use them .
If you do not want to receive browser cookies , you may be able to set your browser to reject them .
If you wish to disable or delete Flash cookies , you should consult the Help file for your Flash application , and/or visit http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html .
However , if you turn cookies off ( whether browser or Flash cookies ) , you may not have access to some WWE features and services .
The other technologies that our websites may not be able to be disabled ; if you are concerned about this , you should not use our websites .
All Personal Information that WWE collects at our websites is transferred to , and accessed from , jurisdictions including the United States .
By using this website and/or by submitting Personal Information to this website , you consent to having your information transferred to , and accessed from , any location worldwide , including the United States .
You also consent to having your Personal Information processed and maintained in any location worldwide , including the United States .
You acknowledge that other jurisdictions may have laws that are different than the law of your home country .
We limit the manner in which your Personal and Payment Information is used .
We will use the Personal and Payment Information you provide only in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
If we obtain Personal or Payment Information from a third party , such as a business partner , our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy .
We use Personal and Payment Information for purposes such as : providing you the products and services you want ; administering or enforcing transactions you have requested ; protecting your accounts from fraud , unauthorized access , or identity theft ; verifying your identity in connection with transactions you have requested ; and managing our business and protect our interests .
We also use Personal Information ( but not Payment Information ) to better understand and serve the needs of the WWE community , and to provide news and information to community members on new content , products services , and features of WWE and/or our websites including , without limitation , via direct e-mail .
If you have registered with us and do not want to be contacted in the future by WWE or our advertising partners , please see Opt-Out below .
We may share Personal and Payment Information with our service providers to assist us with any of the purposes set forth above ( which , for example , might include disclosures to attorneys , accountants , auditors , credit bureaus , data processors and technical systems consultants ) to the extent necessary or appropriate for them to perform their services to us .
In that connection , we may report information about your account ( s ) to credit bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies .
By way of example , if you order a product or service from us or register for one of our contests , promotions , or interactive services , WWE may share Personal Information with other service providers , suppliers and other third parties ( for example , sweepstakes sponsors or delivery services ) that assist us in operating the websites or providing the products or services .
Please note that we will release your Personal or Payment Information if required to do so by law , search warrant , subpoena , court order or other legal process .
WWE may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to detect or prevent fraud or to protect the rights , property , health or personal safety of WWE , WWE employees , our third party licensors , customers or the public .
We may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if you or your legal representative authorizes us to so
or if it is necessary to perform credit checks or collect or report debts owed to us .
WWE reserves the right to transfer any Personal or Payment Information in the event we transfer all or a portion of our business or assets , such as bankruptcy , dissolution , merger or acquisition .
If such a transfer should occur , the privacy policy of another company may supplant our policy .
However , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee uses Personal or Payment Information in a manner that is consistent with our policy .
Our websites contain or may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites , some of which may display WWE 's logos or other WWE content .
These websites may have privacy policies ; however , all of these websites and their privacy policies are independent of our websites or this Privacy Policy .
WWE is not responsible for compliance with other websites ' privacy policies or data collection practices .
You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these websites .
Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to you by DoubleClick , or by other third party advertising companies .
Information about your visits to our websites and third party websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad , date/time at which the ads were shown , the advertisers ' cookies ( browser or Flash ) or other technologies , and the IP address of the computer you use is used to serve ads to you on our websites .
We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by our third party advertising companies .
We share website usage information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our purposes , and for their purposes , which include - for example - managing and targeting advertisements , measuring their effectiveness , and for market research analysis .
For these purposes , we and third-party advertising companies we use may note the pages you visit on our sites .
For more information about DoubleClick please see http : //www.google.com/doubleclick/ and http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ .
We will use or retain your Personal Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
In general , we strive to keep personal Information only for so long as is needed to fulfill your requests , support the services you have requested , process your orders , or comply with the law , although we reserve the right to keep it for a longer period of time .
We take what we believe to be commercially reasonable physical , administrative and technical precautions to keep your Personal Information secure , including the use of Transport Layer Security technology ( formerly referred to as secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) technology ) to help protect the transmission of Payment Information and other Personal Information you provide in connection with our services as well as purchases , paid subscriptions or other similar transactions .
In general , features on our websites requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving updates , special offers , promotions , marketing or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates or advertising partners by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the e-mail communications you receive .
In addition , if after registering , you would no longer like to receive any such information , send an e-mail by clicking here and completing the web form .
Indicate your preference to " unsubscribe , " and we will remove you from our list .
Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail , so that we can remove that information from our list .
If you are a WWE Magazine subscriber and you do not want to receive updates , special offers , or promotions from WWE and third party advertising partners , please indicate this preference using the webform referenced above , and provide your name and the address at which you receive the WWE Magazine so that we can remove them from our list .
You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered for more than one of our features or services .
You may be able to opt-out of some advertisers ' placement and use of cookies on your computer by visiting the NAI gateway opt-out site but not all advertisers that are used on our websites participate in the NAI opt-out program .
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site .
This site will also allow you to review some third party advertising companies ' privacy policies .
If you believe your child ( age 12 or younger ) has provided us with Personal Information and/or is receiving access to certain features or services , including marketing communications , we invite you to notify us via e-mail by clicking here .
We will endeavor to delete this Personal Information and/or discontinue your child 's access to the related features or services .
If you would like to know what Personal Information WWE has concerning you , send an e-mail by clicking here .
We will be in contact with you ( by mail or otherwise ) to verify your identity and provide you the information you request .
If you would like to correct , update or delete your Personal Information , including providing a new e-mail address , send an e-mail by clicking here .
Please be sure to include your old e-mail address .
However , any information that has been posted as a comment or blog , gallery , or forum entry can not be deleted by users .
WWE reserves the right to delete any User-Generated Content that it determines is no longer of relevance to the community , to free up memory or for any other reason in its discretion .
WWE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here and we will change the " Updated " date at the top of this page .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed .
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail by clicking here .
You may also contact at us by postal mail or telephone at :  WWE Member Services 1241 East Main Street Stamford , CT 06902 ( 203 ) 352-8600 If you wish to lodge a complaint about any conduct that you believe is not consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy , please contact : WWE Member Services 1241 East Main Street Stamford , CT 06902
( 203 ) 352-8600 Send an e-mail by clicking here .
Full Privacy Policy Last updated : December , 3 2013 This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of NBCUniversal Media LLC including our affiliate companies ( " NBCUniversal " , " we " , " our " or " us " ) .
You can find information about NBCUniversal , including our affiliates , here .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose and transfer the information you provide when you interact with us including ( but not limited to ) via our websites , downloadable applications , such as games , interactive TV and Mobile Apps ( as defined below ) that link to this policy ( " online services " ) .
This policy only applies to those online services that link to this policy .
This policy also tells you how we use tracking technologies , cookies and browsing data we collect from your use of the online services , the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through the online services , and how you can contact us if you have any questions regarding the online services ( including if you want to unsubscribe from our services or update your contact details ) .
SCOPE AND CONSENT
TYPES OF INFORMATION
WE COLLECT HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION CHILDREN
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES MOBILE APPS
IMPORTANT
INFORMATION UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US
When you use the online services , you are contracting with NBCUniversal .
If you reside outside of the United States , NBCUniversal is your data controller .
By using the online services , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services which take your interests and preferences into account , as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests .
There are two main types of information we collect about our online users : Information that identifies you : This is commonly referred to as ' personal information ' and includes , for example , information that you provide to us such as your name , home address , telephone number , e-mail address or payment information ( including your credit card number ) , photos or video footage of you ; and Information that relates to you , but on its own does not identify you : Such as information about your Internet connection , the equipment you use to access our online services and information relating to your usage of those services .
There are six main categories of information we collect about our online services users that include ( but are not limited to ) the following : Contact/Registration information : for example , your telephone number or e-mail address , where you have subscribed to a service such as program updates ; name , age , gender or interests when you register for an account on one of our online services ; delivery address where you are buying a product or service through an online service ; or your age , location or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstake offered through the online services .
Transaction information : when you order products or services through the online services , you may provide information such as your credit / debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction .
Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums : including your username , images or videos .
Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums , as information posted to these portions of the online services is public information .
Information about your equipment : for example , the type and version of your device 's operating system or web browser .
Information about your interactions with the online services : for example , your Internet protocol or ( IP ) address , pages that you visit within the online services , gameplay data or other information collected through Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data : if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in ( for example , a Facebook " like " button ) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile ( such as your name , email address , your friend list , photo , gender , location , birthday , social networking ID , current city , the people/sites you follow , and so forth ) .
If you do n't want a social network to collect the information about you as described above , or you do n't want to a social network to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services .
We may also receive other information ( e.g. , content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , etc. )  from your interaction with the online services .
You agree that we may share your video viewing with , or obtain information about your video viewing from , third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent.
The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your NBCUniversal account and authorizing us to have access to this information , you agree that we may collect , use , and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We collect your information when you use our online services in three main ways : Directly from you , when you provide it to us : for example , when you request products or services from us , when you register with us , respond to surveys , contact us or otherwise interact with us .
Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in , they may share information with us as if they were you , and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us .
To protect your privacy , please log out from the online services you use from shared devices .
Automatically , when you use our online services : we collect information through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies and when you download our Mobile Apps .
Please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and Mobile Apps pages for further information , including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies .
From third parties including social networks , from publicly available records and from our trusted business partners .
We use information to : provide the services you have requested ; create an online services account if you have requested one ; personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates , including providing personalized advertising on some online services ( see options for opting-out of personalized advertising here ) ; respond to your inquiries , requests , and comments ; allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services , where you choose to do so ; provide technical support for the online services ; prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) on the online services ; protect the safety of users and others on the online services ; enforce our online services ' terms of service ; understand how online services are used so that we can continuously improve them , and the services we provide to you ; send you service-related communications , including announcements and administrative messages ; and send you newsletters and information about products , services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with , in accordance with your communication preferences .
Please see Your Rights and Choices for further information about how you can control these updates .
Information shared among NBCUniversal affiliates .
When you choose to register for an account on any NBCUniversal online service : the information you provide may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates and used to help us better tailor our services , products and advertising to you .
Note that you may be registered for different accounts with different NBCUniversal group companies or in different areas of our business .
Please visit the account settings page of the applicable online service if you wish you " de-register " from your account or for more information , or e-mail privacy @ nbcuni.com .
Information collected automatically : this information collected from your interaction with the online services via Cookies and Tracking Technologies , which may or may not include personal information , may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates for the purposes of research , analysis , marketing and ad-serving .
For information about this and your choices see Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information shared with trusted third parties : Service providers or business partners that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf : Such as for hosting websites , fulfilling transactions , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services and platforms , and processing payments .
These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf , or to comply with legal requirements .
We take steps to ensure that third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information .
Social Networks :
You may interact with certain features of the online services that cause information to be published to your social networks .
For example , you may click on a Facebook " like " button , which publishes to your Facebook account that you " like " one of our TV shows or movies .
On pages of the online services that contain social network functionality , the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you , even if you do n't use that functionality .
For example , if a page within the online services contains a Facebook " like " button , Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page , even if you do n't click on the " like " button .
To control this sharing of information , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use the online services .
For Mobile Apps : In addition , in relation to Mobile Apps we may share your usage and personal information with operating system , platforms providers , carriers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties .
Please see our Mobile Apps section for additional detail .
Information we share with advertisers ( including Targeted Advertising )  
Some online services , including Mobile Apps , may be supported with advertising , and collect data to help the online services serve ads .
This helps keep the cost of online services low or free .
We may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks , who may receive information about how you interact with advertising provided in the online service .
We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
They might also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device , the mobile websites you visit and other information about you or your device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the online services and elsewhere .
For information about your choices relating to these activities , see Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information shared with other parties In addition , we may disclose your personal information collected through the online services to law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , and content protection organizations to : Protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors or other individuals ; Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties ; Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; Respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; Permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; Comply with the law including with subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , and other legal process ; or Enforce applicable terms of service Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets We reserve the right to transfer your usage information and personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets so that the buyer can continue to offer you the online services .
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with reasonable notice of such transfer , or as otherwise required by law .
If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business .
Except where otherwise indicated , NBCUniversal online services are general audience sites not designed or intended for use by children under the age of 13 .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children .
Except where otherwise indicated we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child ( who is under 13 ) has provided us with information without their consent , he or she should contact us at privacy @
nbcuni.com .
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time .
We maintain procedural , technical and physical safeguards for our online services to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on our online services .
We also ask the service providers that help us deliver our online services to so the same .
For example , we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our online services .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below .
Usernames & Passwords It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of any NBCUniversal account .
Do not disclose your password to anyone else .
Communication Preferences and Opt-outs
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us
and you do n't want them anymore , you can unsubscribe .
Select the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , by other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below , to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional e-mails .
However , you can not unsubscribe from some service related messages .
Mobile Apps
For additional information about your choices in relation to Mobile Apps see the Mobile Apps policy .
Advertising/Cookies and Similar Technologies
For more information about your choices for cookies and similar technology ( " Cookies and Tracking Technology " ) including where such technology is used to provide targeted or other advertising on our online services please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy .
Access and Correction
In addition to the functionality provided to you via the online services ( such as using " account settings " for registered users ) , where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review , update and correct it .
Some access requests may be subject to a small fee .
To help your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information .
Please contact privacy @
nbcuni.com for more information about exercising these rights .
Data Retention and Deletion
We will retain your data for as long as you use the online services and for a reasonable time thereafter .
If you 'd like to delete the data that you provided via the online services please use the settings on the online services or contact us at privacy @
nbcuni.com and we will respond in a reasonable time .
Please note that some or all of this data may be required in order for the online services to function properly , and we may be required to retain certain information by law .
NBCUniversal is based in the United States and may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible to any of our affiliates and third party service providers internationally .
Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of protection .
If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including personal information , may be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States .
Under United States law , your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States .
By using our online services and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries including those which do not provide an equivalent level of information protection as the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
For more information about the use of Cookies and Other Technology on our online services ( including your opt-out choices ) please see the Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy .
Through our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy , we provide opt-out choices .
The effect of an opt-out will be to stop targeted advertising , but it will still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes ( e.g. , research , analytics and internal online services operation purposes ) .
For more information about our information collection and use practices with respect to online services that are mobile applications ( " Mobile Apps " ) see the Mobile Apps policy .
Notice to California Residents : Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information ( as defined by California law ) during the preceding year for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us at Chief Privacy Officer , 100 Universal City Plaza , 1280 , Universal City , California , 91608-1002 , US .
For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
In the body of your request , please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you .
You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , email , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575 ( b ) ( as amended effective January 1 , 2014 ) provides that California residents are entitled to know how NBCUniversal responds to " Do Not Track " browser settings .
NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed .
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created .
Links to Other Websites :  The online services may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and / or information ( for example , to sites which are provided by our third party vendors ) .
If you access other websites using the links provided , you may leave NBCUniversal 's online services .
When you access these other sites , even ones that may contain the NBCUniversal logo , please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , which may differ from ours and we do not endorse or control the policies or practices of that website .
You should always read the Privacy Policy of any website you access carefully in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices .
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of our website or ( 2 ) taking other actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy online .
You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our online services .
You should check our online services frequently for updates .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the " Last Updated " or similar legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through this site .
By continuing to use this online service following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using our online services .
For any queries in relation to this Privacy Policy please contact us at privacy @
nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer , NBCUniversal Compliance Department , 100 Universal City Plaza , 1280 , Universal City , California , 91608-1002 , US .
For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at privacy @
nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer , Central Saint Giles , St Giles High Street , London , WC2H 8NU , UK .
Privacy statement Hattrick Ltd , a company with its registered address at Suites 41/42 , Victoria House , 26 Main Street , Gibraltar , publisher of Hattrick.org , has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site .
Hattrick has under the Gibraltar Data Protection Ordinance of 2004 registered as Data Controller with the Gibraltar Data Protection Commissioner ( http : //www.gra.gi/index.php ?
site=dataprotection ) .
Hattrick processes the data itself and is the legal entity responsible for processing the data .
Further , Hattrick 's Game Masters , as a part of administering and supervising the games , act as Hattrick 's data assistants and process the data , within and outside the EEA area .
The game masters have entered into confidentiality agreements with Hattrick to protect your privacy .
Since the game masters act as data processors the game masters have no independent responsibility for the processing but all such responsibility is borne by Hattrick Ltd .
Hattrick will process your data for the purposes of operating and administering Hattrick , to gather statistics and in supervising adherence to these terms and conditions and the Game Rules and for the specific purposes explained below .
Hattrick stores user data that has either been submitted to our system by you ( such as account details or in-game communication ) , data that has been created or logged automatically by our systems ( for example IP logs or game updates ) , as well as any manual notes that has been added by customer service , developers or Game Masters to record account events .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site .
IP addresses are also logged and used for security purposes , and may be used in abuse investigations or to identify cheaters within the game itself .
We do not use cookies to extract information from you , solely to simplify your visits , mainly by having cookies remember which language and specific part of the site you want to start your visit with , or to remember last login date so that we can distinguish new users from returning ones .
A temporary cookie is also used to keep track of your " session " .
Without that temporary cookie ( which is not stored after you quit your browser ) you would have had to log on again on each page .
You can turn off cookies in your web browser ( more information about this is available at http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ ) .
This will however make it more or less impossible to access many of the functions on our web site .
When you follow links from Hattrick to other web sites , these may install tracking cookies on your computer .
This is beyond the control of Hattrick .
We reserve the right to use cookies for the purpose of serving and/or targeting ads , offers and other marketing messages .
No personal customer data is ever shared with the advertising companies .
Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , e-mail , and postal address ) .
Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary .
It is in the users interest to submit truthful information , as this is also used to verify the user 's right to his or her account .
The customer 's e-mail address is used to send an e-mail verification message , Hattrick newsletters ( this can be opted out from ) , password reminders upon request , inactivity reminders , subscription expiration reminders , order confirmations , information about changes in the terms of use and very seldomly information about new features to users with deleted accounts .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information , products , and services .
We collect contact information ( like their e-mail address ) , and financial information ( like their account or credit card numbers ) .
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services .
Our occasional voluntary online surveys ask visitors for demographic information ( like zip code , age , or income level ) .
Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
This site contains links to other sites .
Hattrick is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
Hattrick will not share customer data with outside companies or sites , even if we have a special relationship with them .
Sponsors , business partners , co-branded sites or content providers may get the opportunity to offer products and services to you within the Hattrick web site , but we will ask you before passing on any of your personal information to other parties .
The only exception is if another company needs the data for the operation of the service and they agree to adhere to our privacy policy or if Hattrick would transfer substantially all of its assets relating to the game to another company .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
If you upload pictures of yourself , Hattrick will consider your uploading as your express consent to the use of your picture .
If pictures would include pictures of your friends or other third parties , you must ensure that such persons have consented to the publishing of the picture before uploading it .
All other information that you directly or indirectly create or access within Hattrick is considered to be in-game information and may be accessed and used by us for the operation of the game , including investigations into cheating , fraud or criminal activities .
Barring a court order , we will not share such information with third parties other than the police , our Game Masters , our system administrators , our legal representatives and companies that develop or operate the game and have agreed to adhere to our privacy policy .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
These include firewalls , physical security and password protection .
You can choose to terminate your Hattrick account at any time by contacting a local Game Master or if that is not possible by contacting Hattrick at privacy @ hattrick.org .
E-mail messages may be sent to all registered users .
You can opt out from receiving most messages only by terminating the account .
You can opt out from The Hattrick Newsletter under My Hattrick
> Preferences
>
Site Preferences .
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided : - You can change your data under MyHattrick > Preferences .
- You can contact your local GM using the in-game messaging tool .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , or the practices of this site , you can contact privacy @ hattrick.org .
If you want a copy of your personal data , or if you want us to erase it , please send us a personally signed letter to the address stated above .
Hattrick may from time to time revise this Privacy Statement by updating this posting .
Such amendments will be communicated here , to the e-mail address stated in your account or through a notice on our home page .
Your continued use of this site and the resources enabled by the site will signify and represent your consent to such processing and of the conditions set out in the Privacy Statement .
Effective Date : August 30 , 2012
This Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) explains how information about you is collected , used , and disclosed by Recreational Equipment , Inc .
( " REI " ) when you access or use our websites or other online or mobile services or applications ( " Services " ) , sign up to become an REI member , shop in our stores , sign up for activities and events , or otherwise interact with us .
We may supply different or additional notices of our information practices specific to certain programs or activities .
Contents Collection of Information Use of Information Sharing of Information Social Sharing Features Security
Your Choices Third Party Advertising , Analytics and Services
Your California Privacy Rights Changes to this Policy Contact Us
Information
You Provide to Us .
We collect information you provide directly to us .
For example , we collect information when you become a member ; create an online account or profile ; use the interactive areas and features of our Services ; make a purchase or rental ; sign up for contests , promotions , mailing lists , classes , events or recreational activities ; and when you email , call , or otherwise communicate with us .
The types of information we may collect include :  Membership and Online Account Information , such as your name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , photos , social media usernames , demographic information , and information about your interests and preferences .
Transaction Information , such as your name , billing address , shipping address , phone number , email address , credit card information , and transaction history .
REI Adventures and Outdoor School Information , such as medical/health information , fitness conditions , physical characteristics , passport information , dietary requirements , and emergency contact information .
Information We Collect
When You Use Our Services .
We may also automatically collect information about you when you access or use the Services , including :  Log Information :
We obtain information about your use of our Services , including the type of browser you use , access times , pages viewed , your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services .
Device Information :
We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services , including the hardware model , operating system and version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information .
In addition , if you connect to REI 's wifi network while in our stores , we collect information about your browsing activity , such as the URLs of the pages you visit .
Location Information : We may collect information about your location when you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information .
For more details , please see " Your Choices " below .
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies : We may use cookies , web beacons , and other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your interaction with our Services , including information about your browsing behavior , purchase behavior , and other engagement with the Services .
We use this information in one or more of the ways described in the " Use of Information " section below .
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default , but you can usually change your browser settings to remove or reject cookies .
In addition to browser cookies , Adobe Systems Inc. may set a " flash cookie " on your computer or mobile device when you view videos on our Services .
To manage and disable " flash cookies , " visit Adobe Flash Player security and privacy .
Information We Collect from Other Sources .
We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information we have about you .
We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes , for example , to : administer your membership and communicate with you about member benefits ( such as your dividend balance and special offers only available to members ) ; provide and deliver products and services , process and complete transactions and send you related information , including purchase confirmations , invoices , updates , security alerts , recall notices and support and administrative messages ; provide , maintain , and improve the Services ; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities ; respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service ; communicate with you about REI and partner products , services , offers , promotions , news , upcoming events , and other information we think will be of interest to you ; monitor and analyze trends , usage and activities ; personalize the Services and provide advertisements , content , or features that are targeted toward your interests ; and process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes .
We may store and process information in the United States and other countries .
We may share personal information about you outside of REI and its affiliates , including as follows : with third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf ; we may make our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies we believe may offer products or services of interest to you ; when you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our Services , certain information about you may be displayed publicly on our Services and on third party sites , such as your photos , stories , posts , and other information you choose to provide in your profile ; in connection with , or during negotiations of , a corporate business transaction , such as a merger or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company , joint venture , corporate reorganization , insolvency or bankruptcy , financing or sale of company assets ; if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request ; to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; and to protect REI , our members , our customers , or any other person from harm ; and with your consent .
We may also share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information about you .
The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools , which let you share actions you take on the Services with other media , and vice versa .
The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features .
REI takes reasonable measures , including administrative , technical , and physical safeguards , to protect information about you from loss , theft , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
Your Information .
You may update or correct information about you by logging into your online account or calling Customer Service .
You may also email us if you wish to deactivate your account , but note that we may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law .
Promotional Communications .
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails and text messages from REI by following the instructions in those communications or changing your preferences via http : //www.rei.com/help/mailing.html .
If you opt out of receiving promotional communications , we may still send you non-promotional emails , such as emails about your purchases , account , membership or our ongoing business relations .
Location Information .
You also have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device , or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all REI applications from your mobile device .
We allow third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services .
These third parties may use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites , including your IP address , web browser , pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked , and conversion information .
This information may be used by REI and these third parties to analyze and track data , determine the popularity of certain content , deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites , and better understand your online activity .
This Policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible for , third party cookies , web beacons , or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices .
For more information about Internet-based ads , or to opt out of having your web browsing information used in this way , please visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or www.aboutads.info/choices .
We also use a third party to " power " product reviews on our Services .
When you submit a product review , you become subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of this third party , and the reviews you submit may be posted on our Services and on third party websites .
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes .
However , under the law , a business is not required to provide this information if it permits California residents to opt in to , or opt out of , this type of sharing .
REI qualifies for this alternative option .
To opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes , please call Customer Service .
REI may change this Policy from time to time .
If we make changes , we will notify you by revising the Effective Date above and , in some cases we may provide you with more prominent notice ( such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification ) .
We encourage you to review the Policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns about this Policy or about our privacy practices , please call our customer service representatives at 1-800-426-4840 ( US and Canada ) or 1-253-891-2500 ( outside the US and Canada ) or send an email message to privacy @ rei.com .
You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address :  Recreational Equipment , Inc .
Attention :
Privacy Officer 6750 S. 228th Street Kent , Washington 98032 Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers all of the Kinja sites ( " Kinja " ) .
Please read this statement carefully before using or proceeding to access Kinja .
Your use of Kinja indicates you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms of Service in effect .
Kinja is the sole owner of the information collected on Kinja .
Kinja may collect information from our users at several different points on Kinja .
Comments
In order to enhance their use of Kinja , users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest .
Commenters may register anonymously .
However , if a third party complains that a comment breaches our Terms of Service ( e.g. libels them ) , then in accordance with our Terms of Service , we will make reasonable efforts to contact the commenter and alert them to the situation .
If we are required to by law to disclose commenters ' contact information , we will attempt to contact commenters to give them the opportunity to respond to such requests .
Please refer to our Terms of Service for more information .
Mailing Lists & Service Emails - Kinja may launch a mailing list , in order to provide subscribers with relevant information - breaking news , or weekly or daily round-ups , for example .
In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site 's mailing list , users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests .
This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services , and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization .
Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site .
Kinja may from time to time track user email usage in a continued effort to improve our services .
Most of the time , these will be content from the site in question , but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor .
This will be infrequent , and does not represent an endorsement by Kinja of any products advertised therein .
It will clearly be marked as advertising .
Since editorial independence is critical to us , you can be sure that we will never send out a sponsored email in the guise of a glowing product review .
If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers , please do not sign up for the mailing list .
Comment Service and Cookies
In order to further enhance the user experience , Kinja runs a comment service on some or all of Kinja sites where users can discuss common topics of interest .
Users have the option of signing up for this service , and to do so must submit some valid information .
Kinja uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Service and to pick out topics of interest to commenters .
Kinja will not pass this information to any other organization except in aggregate form .
The Comment Service may use cookies .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
For the session ID cookie , once users close the browser , the cookie simply terminates .
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user 's hard drive for an extended period of time .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user 's Internet browser help file directions .
We store a cookie on each user 's machine that contains user specific information .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
If you reject all cookies , you will not be able to use Kinja products or services that require you to " sign in , " and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings .
However , not all Kinja services require that you accept cookies .
Links Kinja contain links to other sites .
Please be aware that Kinja is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Kinja .
Log Files Like most standard Website servers we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information .
We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement .
First Party Ad Serving The ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by Google 's DoubleClick , our web advertising vendor .
Kinja uses only first party data about your visits to this site to serve ads to you .
First party data only includes information collected during your current search or visit to our websites .
First party data that we collect is not shared with any other third parties and is only used for proprietary ad delivery , ad reporting , and contextual advertising .
As such , Kinja is not a participant in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC .
Third Party Advertising and Cookies
Some of our third party advertising partners may distribute cookies to users in advertisements that are provided to us .
Kinja has no access to or control over these cookies once we have received the advertisements from third parties .
These advertisers may be engaging in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC .
Opt-out
As part of our commitment to transparency and your privacy , we provide the following links to opt-out of cookies provided by both our first party ad server and many third party advertising partners who may be engaging in online behavioral advertising : First Party Opt-out Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from our first party ad serving vendor , Google : http : //www.google.com/privacy/ads/ Third Party and Online Behavioral Advertising Opt-out
Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from over 50+ major third party behavioral advertising providers : http : //www.aboutads.info/
choices/
In the event Kinja goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy , Kinja may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on Kinja or affiliates .
Kinja has technical , administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to , use or disclosure of user information we maintain .
Under our security practices and policies , access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access , and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal .
Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store , no program is one hundred percent secure and we can not guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access , use or disclose personal information .
If you become aware of a security issue , please email us at legal [ at ] gawker [ dot ] com .
We will work with you to address any problems .
Whenever Kinja changes its privacy policy , we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact the editor of the GM site in question , or send an email to help AT gawker.com , or by mail to Kinja , 210 Elizabeth Street , Fourth Floor , New York , NY 10012
This Privacy Policy is effective February 1 , 2013 .
This Policy sets forth the terms that apply to any information we collect from you and any information that you share through your use of Cricbuzz website www.cricbuzz.com or m.cricbuzz.com or Cricbuzz Cricket Scores and News application , mobile software accessible from a mobile device ( " Cricbuzz App " ) collectively referred to as " Cricbuzz Site " .
We respect your privacy and recognise that you have a right to know about the information we access or collect about you , how your information is being used by us and what we do to protect your information .
You provide us information about you on the following occasions : When you log on to Cricbuzz Site through a third party social networking site account , you provide us your account information with such third party social networking sites which may include your email
id , your profile picture and profile data .
When you create a user account on the Cricbuzz Site , you provide us with , email id , user id and password .
When you post or upload your comments , opinions and feedback on the Public Forum of the Cricbuzz Site .
When you access Cricbuzz App you allow the Cricbuzz App to access the features of your mobile device such as the phone number , your contacts , IMEI number of your device , whether a phone call is active , the number that the phone call is connected to and the like .
The access to your mobile device features is used to stop the radio commentary and terminate internet access when you make or receive a call .
However , Cricbuzz does not access or store this information on its servers and the access to your mobile device features by the Cricbuzz App is solely for the purpose of stopping the radio commentary and the internet access when you make or receive a call so as to enable you to make or receive a call without any disruption from the Cricbuzz App .
The Cricbuzz App may access your personal contacts stored on your mobile device for the purpose of enabling you to share with your contacts auto generated live scores of a cricket match via SMS as and when you wish to .
Cricbuzz does not access or store this information on its servers and the access to your contacts by the Cricbuzz App is solely for the purpose of providing you with the convenience of sharing live scores of a cricket match with your personal contacts as and when you so desire .
When you send us a feedback mail , your mobile device 's IMEI number , your device model , OS version and the Cricbuzz App version is automatically accessed by us .
Your name and email id is provided by you to us at your discretion .
The information specified in this paragraph is used for the purpose of addressing any specific issues that the user may have and for enhancing user experience and user convenience while using the Cricbuzz App .
We collect the usage pattern of the Cricbuzz Site through third party tools like Google Analytics .
While we do n't know the individual user 's usage pattern of the Cricbuzz Site , we collect the aggregate usage pattern of all users of Cricbuzz Site .
However , we are not aware if the third party tools that we use would store individual user specific usage pattern .
When you use the Cricbuzz Site you provide us with your IP address .
We may use cookies or similar electronic tools to store this information .
We may store a cookie on your computer or mobile device which in turn would store information about your geographical location .
We collect the geographic location of the users of Cricbuzz Site and only at the city level .
The cookie stored on your computer or mobile device may be refreshed once every month so that the information stored in the cookie is the latest and most relevant to you .
We retain the right to bust the cookie ( forcibly reset the cookie ) before the expiry of one month from the date of last refresh for any technical reasons .
However , any such cookie bust will not target any specific user and will apply to all the users of Cricbuzz Site .
The Cricbuzz Site may include links to other websites or web pages .
Such sites or pages are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control .
Once you leave the Cricbuzz Site ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
We use your information for the following purpose .
To personalise your experience on the Cricbuzz Site by presenting you advertised products and services that are tailored to you .
To communicate with you about your account or transactions and queries or issues that you may have relating to Cricbuzz Site or any of its services and send you information about features on Cricbuzz Site or changes to our policies .
To send you news alerts , match alerts and match scores ( if subscribed ) .
To optimize and improve the products and services offered by the Cricbuzz Site .
To detect and investigate any fraud or illegal activity on the Cricbuzz Site .
We do not rent , use , sell or transfer any information collected from you to advertisers or spammers .
We may disclose your information when it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences .
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for complying with the applicable laws and regulations .
We may disclose your information to law enforcement agencies if we believe that the Cricbuzz Site is being used for any fraudulent activities or to prevent any fraud or any illegal act that we have reasons to believe may be caused on us or through the use of the Cricbuzz Site .
Your information may be accessed by our employees during the course of their normal work , however , such employees are governed by confidentiality agreement and access is provided on a need to know basis for fulfilling the responsibilities assigned to them by us .
Your information may be accessed by third party service providers who are engaged by us to provide any services relating to the Cricbuzz Site ( such as maintenance services , database management , web analytics etc ) .
These third party service providers have access to your information only to perform the task assigned to them and are governed by confidentiality agreement .
In the event ownership or control of Cricbuzz Site is acquired by a new owner , your information may be transferred to the new owner as such a transfer may be necessary for the continued operation of the Cricbuzz Site .
Any changes to the privacy policy by the new owner will be notified here .
We take industry standard security measures to protect your information .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store user data .
All information gathered is securely stored within controlled database .
The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited .
However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
The internet is a fast evolving medium and changes to the policy may be necessary to address any future requirements .
If we make any changes to the policy , users will be notified of the changes here .
If you have any questions or suggestions or wish to make a compliant you can contact us at privacy @ cricbuzz.com or write to us at the following address : Akuate Internet Services Pvt Ltd .
No
. 190-B , 1st Floor , HN Plaza , Above Corporation Bank , 100 Ft Ring road , 6th Main , BSK 3rd Stage , Bangalore .
560085 ,
INDIA Phone : +91 80 40965631
Email : info @ akuate.co.in
