Privacy policy Share 62 inShare 0
Email theguardian.com , Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00
BST
This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ( " our sites " ) by Guardian News & Media Limited , and Guardian News & Media LLC ( " GNM " ) .
If you use GuardianWitness , please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy .
At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons : 1 .
To provide personalised services unique to individual users .
2 .
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer 3 .
To sell advertising space on the site .
This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it .
4 .
If we have permission from the user , to market services to them .
There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide .
Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites .
Please follow the links below for further information .
Our principles
How we use your information Using information about children Updating your personal information Who we share information with Use of cookies About our advertising Legal information and how to contact us Changes to the privacy policy 1
We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately .
This means : - we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information ; and - we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us , they have appropriate security measures .
2 We will respect your privacy .
You should receive marketing emails only from us and , if you agree , from other organisations we have carefully chosen .
We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices , for example , we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing .
However , we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration , your subscription account or postings , for example , with reminders , warnings or copyright requests .
3 .
We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so , such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions .
4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it .
5
We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely .
6 Our site is accessible via the internet .
This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website , for example , comments about an article .
7
If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , it will only be done with the relevant protection ( stated under UK law ) being in place .
What information do we collect ?
We collect information on you : when you register when you use the website through cookies if you choose to reveal information in postings , and when you enter sales promotions and competitions .
Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information , such as where you are , so the service can be provided as designed .
In particular , this may apply to certain apps that you download , or which we provide .
Registration
The minimum information we need to register
you is your email address and a password .
We will ask you more questions for different services , including sales promotions .
Unless we say otherwise , you have to answer all the registration questions .
We may also ask some other , voluntary questions during registration for certain services ( for example , professional networks ) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are .
This also allows us to personalize services for you .
After you have registered , we may send you emails we think may interest you .
At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ' unsubscribe ' .
Logging in using social networking credentials If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in , you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us .
This will include your name , email address , date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity .
You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile .
This will also allow us and Facebook to share your,networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings .
If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings , we will no longer have access to this information .
If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in , you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us .
This will include your name , email address , date of birth , sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity .
You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile .
This also allows us to share your networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings .
If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings , we will no longer have access to this information .
If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in , we receive your avatar ( the small picture that appears next to your tweets ) and twitter username .
Use of children 's data Except for children 's books , we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 . '
Children 's books ' is a service for children .
However , they need parental permission to join .
We do not display personal information about children on the site , and we read through all contributions before they are published .
For any questions about children 's books , please contact : Children 's books , Guardian News and Media , 90 York Way , London , N1 9GU or email childrens.books @
theguardian.com .
We offer a ' My details ' page ( also known as Dashboard ) , where you can update your personal information at any time , and change your marketing preferences .
You can get to this page from most pages on the site simply click on the ' My details ' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in .
Who we share data with We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission .
If we have your permission , we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully .
We may make other organisations ' services available , such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop , through our sites , although we are not necessarily operating these sites .
We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy .
Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies .
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users .
Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply .
We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards .
We may use service providers to help us run these sites ( or services available on the sites ) , some of whom may be based outside the EEA .
Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations ( such as the ' Facebook Recommend ' function ) .
These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages .
If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us , information they collect may be connected to your account on their site .
For more information on how these organisations use information , please read their privacy policies .
We use cookies for a number of reasons .
1
For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites .
We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited , and by which types of users and from which countries .
2
We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information , sometimes through cookies and web beacons , ( information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors ) .
Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk , guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk .
3
We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it .
You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy .
4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in , and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been .
Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use .
You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy , including how you can ' opt out ' .
5
We may use ' Flash ' cookies to store your preferences for your media player ( for example , volume and so on ) .
If we do n't use them , you may not be able to watch some video content .
You can turn cookies off but if you do this , you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising .
This is because we wo n't be able to limit what you see by using cookies .
However , you will still be able to see our editorial content .
6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you .
For more information about cookies and managing them , including how to turn them off , please visit our page on Cookies .
By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described .
In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) .
OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website .
It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site .
It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you .
As you browse our sites , some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies , so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests .
For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles , you may be shown more adverts for food and drink .
It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name , email address , postal address or phone number .
We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners .
This may mean that when you are on other websites , you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com .
We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites .
Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites .
For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop , you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing .
This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase .
The privacy policy of criteo , one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here .
criteo.com/en/privacy-policy .
If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising , this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites .
It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you .
If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it , please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org ( if accessing from the US. )  
Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp , quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers .
Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application .
Other Advertising Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue .
Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' , ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' .
Legal information and how to contact us Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998
we have to say who the ' data controller ' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites .
The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and , in our case , is Guardian News & Media Limited , King 's Place , 90 York Way , London N1
9GU .
If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any questions about how we may use it , please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above .
Or , email dataprotection @ theguardian.com .
If you have a dispute with us Our American office , Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce .
As part of our involvement in the safe harbor , we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework .
If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it , you should first contact us ( using the contact details provided above ) .
For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe , by fax to 415-520-3420 , or by mail to Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here .
Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details .
Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes .
Changes to this policy by date November 2004
: cookie information moved to separate page ; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner ; legal information under the Data Protection Act added .
May 2008 :
principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors ; contact details updated .
August 2009 : contact details updated , useful links updated , some headings added and a new section headed " advertising and affiliate links " added .
July 2011 : Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences , contact details , further information provided about online behavioural advertising , cookies , and the ' Who we share data with ' section has been updated .
September 2011 : Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com , information on use of children 's data added .
October 2011 : Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added .
February 2012 : Additional provision included in ' How we use your information ' to address certain data that we may collect , especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data .
April 2012 :
Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication .
February 2013 : Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added .
May 2013 : Information on mobile device advertising added .
July 2013 : References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com .
August 2013 :
Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark .
Privacy Policy FlashScore.com respects the privacy of visitors to our site .
We are committed to protecting your privacy online .
We use information we collect about you to provide you with the services which you may access through our web site .
We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here , we inform you how we collect information , what we do with it , who has access to it and what controls you have over its use .
We do not collect any personal information where you simply browse our website .
We do require that you supply some information where you use basic services provided through our website .
Nevertheless , we may , upon registration or at other times , ask you to submit your e-mail address .
You are under no obligation to provide us with this information .
However , if you should choose to withhold requested information , we may not be able to provide you the services required .
We will only use the information you provide to us for the following purposes : - Send you forgotten password to your personal account - Send you information we think you may find useful , including our products , services information and commercial / advertising materials .
- Provide advanced services .
- Improve the content of our web page .
- Personalized page content and/or layout .
We do not sell , trade or rent your information provided to us to others .
We can only transfer this information to other subject in case of sale of whole site .
We may need to disclose your provided information to third parties where this is required by law or where this is necessary for the function of a service provided to you .
We may provide statistics about visitors , sales , traffic , etc.
to third party vendors but these will not include any identifying information .
Users who do n't wish to receive our emails anymore can unsubscribe by writing to provider via contact form .
When you visit our Site , we automatically log your IP address and pages visited .
It help us administer the Site and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use .
A " cookie " is information stored on your computer by a web server and used to customize your web service in some way .
FlashScore.com site uses cookies to store information about your interactions that may be needed later to perform a function .
You can choose not to accept cookies and still use our services .
However , you can be unable to use the cookie-dependent features .
Refer to the help information in your browser software for instructions on how to disable cookies .
You consent to our collection and use of information and to the use of that information in accordance with the privacy policy set out above .
If we change our privacy policy in any way , we will post these changes on this page .
FlashScore.com is provided by : LiveSport Media Ltd , CMS House , First Floor , St. Peter 's Street , San Gwann , SGN 2310 , Malta , Company ID : C 54555 .
Partners Recommended Sites SOCCER| TEN Scout.com PRIVACY POLICY North American Membership Group , Inc .
( " Scout " or " we " or " us " ) operates the website http :
//www.scout.com
( " scout.com " or " Site " ) , which is an integrated network of websites that provides public forums and publishes exclusive content focusing on high school , college and professional team sports .
The services Scout offers include any Scout-branded URL , Premium Subscriptions , which allows users to view premium online content and participate in premium forums , magazine subscriptions , public forums and any other features , content , or applications offered from time to time by Scout in connection with Scout 's business , including when accessed via the Internet , mobile or other device ( collectively , the " Scout Services " ) .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , Scout.com is a general audience website , is not targeted to children , and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy describes Scout 's collection , use and sharing of personal information about users ( e.g. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) through Scout Services where that personal information is not otherwise publicly available on the Site .
This Privacy Policy also describes generally Scout 's practices for handling non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , user interests , demographics , or Site usage ) to the extent such non-personally identifiable information is associated with a particular user or user account .
This Privacy Policy applies to all " users , " including visitors ( users who use some of the Scout Services without being registered with Scout ) , " Members " ( users who have registered with Scout ) and " Subscribers " ( Members who have purchased a Premium Subscription or magazine subscription ) .
User Submitted Information Membership Account Registration Information is the required information that a user must provide to us when they register as a Member with Scout.com ( " Member Profile , " also called a " user account " ) , and may include information such as an email address , password and a security question ( " Required Registration Information " ) .
When you register you will be required to register with a specific college , NFL , MLB team or high school page ( " Preferred Team Website " ) .
The Preferred Team Website may be operated or owned by a third party service provider selected by Scout Premium Subscription Information .
If you elect to purchase a Premium Subscription through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information , including your credit card information , billing address or other payment information ( collectively , " Personal Financial Information " ) , full name , phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such Scout Services .
You must be 18 years of age or older to submit Personal Financial Information on the Site , including to place an order on the Site .
Public Forum Login Information .
If you elect to post comments on any of the public forums provided on the Site you will be required to select a username and provide your email address .
Your username will be public , which means it is available to everyone and will be displayed in search results on Scout.com and on external search engines .
Please select your username carefully .
We may also collect user submitted information in an offline or manual format , such as a postcard .
In such circumstances , you will be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy and other relevant information .
Site Collected Information Site Activity Information .
When users visit the Site , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Site , our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Scout Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it .
We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe flash technology including cookies ) , which are small bits of data that often include an identifier .
Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website .
We may use these technologies to gather information about your usage of the Site , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support Scout.com by serving advertisements or providing Scout Services , such as allowing users to share content , view premium content , or post to the forums or tracking aggregate Site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Scout does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
Scout may also work with third-party companies to display ads on Scout and elsewhere on the Internet .
These companies may use cookies ( a small text file ) , pixels , or similar technologies that are placed in browsers to gather information about your visits to Scout as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet .
These companies use this information to provide you more relevant advertising known as interest-based advertising .
Some of these companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) .
The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use .
Visit www.aboutads.info to exercise choice with respect to participants of the DAA .
If you change computers or browsers , use multiple computers or browsers , or delete your cookies , you may need to repeat this process for each computer and each browser .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through Scout Services .
Third Parties .
To improve the quality of the Scout Services , we may supplement the information we collect with information that is collected or provided by third parties .
Means of Notice and Choice .
This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which Scout provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information .
Scout will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission .
Privacy Policy Changes .
Scout may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information , we will notify you to seek your consent either through an email or a prominent posting on the Site .
Location of Data Storage .
The Scout Services are hosted in the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to , stored and processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws and regulations may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
Linked Websites .
The Scout Services may also be linked to other websites operated by Scout ( " Affiliated Site " ) or third parties .
Scout is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Scout Services via a link , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site .
Additionally , users who visit an Affiliated Site should still refer to the Affiliated Site 's separate privacy policy , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or have its own privacy statements .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Third Party .
You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party company on the Site and that all payment obligations related to such purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party company 's privacy policy .
You further acknowledge and agree that Scout will have no liability for or control over such independent third party company 's use or protection of your Personal Financial Information .
You should check the privacy policy of the independent third party company 's website to determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects from you and/or processes .
You acknowledge and agree that in the event that such independent third party company experiences a data breach that compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information , Scout shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach .
You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding any such data breach .
Scout 's Use and Disclosure of Information
We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe the sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy .
In addition , Scout may share your personal information with Affiliated Companies .
We use the information you provide us for the following purposes :  To provide and manage the Scout Services .
We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Scout Services and features to you , to measure and improve those Scout Services and features .
To allow third party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Scout Services .
Scout may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers such as contractors , vendors and agencies , who help us manage or provide Scout Services by , for example : developing or supporting the Scout Services and features ; collecting , transmitting , storing and/or processing Personal Financial Information , fulfilling Premium Subscriptions orders ; administering message boards , or processing data or statistics .
These third-party service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to you and Scout .
To contact you .
Scout may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or correspondence related to the Scout Services to the email address you provided to us at registration .
If you want to stop receiving correspondence from Scout , you can change your " My HotList " Preferences settings under " My Profile , " or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Scout Services or policies .
To protect the rights of Scout and our users .
There may be instances when Scout may disclose user information without providing notice or choice , including situations where Scout has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Scout , our Affiliated Companies or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety and security of users of the Scout Services or members of the public including responding to emergencies where there appears to be a danger of death or injury to any person ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or ( iv ) comply with applicable laws , rules and regulations ( " Applicable Laws " ) or legal process .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
We strive to make the Scout Services interesting , relevant and personalized for our users .
The Site and its third-party advertising partners customize the advertising displayed to you based on non-personally identifiable information gathered via cookies or other tracking devices as well as your past activity on the Site .
For example , based on your team interests , we might display an advertisement informing about the schedule for such teams games .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If Scout sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Scout may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Scout uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to help safeguard user information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
User Control and Account Cancellation .
Through the My Profile option , you can access and edit your Required Registration Information , Member Profile Information , Premium Subscription information and " My HotList " Preferences .
If you would like to deactivate your Membership Account you may email us , Subject Line : Deactivate Membership Account .
If you would like to terminate your Premium Subscription you can : ( i ) visit " My Subscriptions " and click on " cancel my subscription ; " or ( ii ) contact us directly , Subject Line : Terminate Premium Subscription .
Please refer to the Scout.com Terms of Use for our Premium Subscription termination policy and restrictions .
We may retain backup information related to your My Profile account and Premium Subscription on our servers for some time after deactivation for fraud detection or to comply with Applicable Law or our internal security policies .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact Scout at : North American Membership Group , Inc .
12301 Whitewater Drive Minnetonka , MN 55343
Last Updated : November 15 , 2013 www.sherdog.com ( the Website )
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last modified on March 13 , 2013 .
CraveOnline Media , LLC ( Crave ) , a subsidiary of Evolve Media , LLC ( Evolve ) , knows that you care how information about you is used and shared .
Evolve , Crave and any and all entities that control , are controlled by , or are affiliated or under common control with , Evolve are collectively referred to herein as " Company " " we , " " us " or our .
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Company when you use the Site and related services ( the Service ) , how the information will be used , and how you can control the collection , correction and/or deletion of information .
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Information We Collect
You provide us information about yourself , such as your name and e-mail address , when you register with the Service .
Also , you may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests , message boards and chat rooms , and other interactive areas of our Site .
If you correspond with us by email , we may retain the content of your email messages , your email address and our responses .
When you visit the Site , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Company help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Site .
A cookie does not collect personal information about you .
Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled .
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page .
When you register with or view our Site , our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website .
These server logs may include information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information .
When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons ) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously .
No personally identifiable information from your Company account is collected using these clear gifs .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
The information is used to enable more accurate reporting , improve the effectiveness of our marketing , and make us better for our users .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather information through other means and there may be other technologies present that act in a similar way but are protected by confidentiality .
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service .
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service ( for instance , in User Content you post ) becomes available to the public .
If you remove User Content , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content .
By providing Company your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices , including any notices required by law , in lieu of communication by postal mail .
We may also use your email address to send you other messages , such as newsletters , changes to features of the Service , or special offers .
If you do not want to receive such email messages , you may opt out by sending an email message to legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com with the words " No email " and the Site name in the subject field .
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers .
Company may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties .
We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used , diagnosing service or technical problems , maintaining security , and personalizing advertisements and promotions .
Company reserves the right , but has no obligation , to monitor the User Content you post on the Site .
Company has the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason , including without limitation , if in its sole opinion , such information or material violates , or may violate , any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement or to protect or defend its rights or property or those of any third party .
Company also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party .
We use cookies , clear gifs , and log file information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of our service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP ; and ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in .
How We Share Your Information Company will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others .
Company may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you .
If we do this , such third parties ' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy .
We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Company ( for instance , on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers ) .
As we develop our business , we may buy or sell assets or business offerings .
Customer , email , and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions .
We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , or dissolution .
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Company will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the law , comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates , or investigate , prevent , or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use , take precautions against liability , to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , to assist government enforcement agencies , or to protect the security or integrity of our Site ; and ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Company , our users or others .
Please note we may not provide notice prior to disclosure in such cases .
We may share non-personally identifiable information ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc. )  
with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Company services .
Company allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements on the Site .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on the Site .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content .
Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks .
The Company privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such advertisers .
How We Protect Your Information Company uses commercially reasonable physical , managerial , and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission of information , Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information , and for controlling access to your email communications from Company , at all times .
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Company will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised , in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
Your Choices About Your Information
You may , of course , decline to submit personally identifiable information through Company , in which case Company may not be able to provide certain services to you .
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
The Site is designed to be of service and interest to users ages 13 and older .
If you are a minor over the age of 13 , you may only use this Site with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian .
If you are a minor under the age of 13 , you are not allowed to provide any personal information to the Company , on the Site or through any other Service provided by the Company .
Please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us at legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com .
Third Parties We expect our partners , advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users .
Be aware , however , that third parties , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on message boards or in chat areas , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
Such activities are beyond our control and outside the scope of this document .
Links to Other Sites :
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site nor the information or content contained therein .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website , our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect .
User browsing and interaction on any other website , including those that have a link on our Site , is subject to that other website 's own rules and policies .
Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site as is explained in detail in our Site 's Terms of Use .
In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or other advertising technology may be placed on your browser .
This advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to the Site to target advertising within this Site .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you ( sometimes called online behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising or OBA ) .
We also use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Site , to learn which banner ads bring users to our Site and to deliver more relevant advertising .
In addition , our advertisers or other third parties may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Site and other websites .
We do not control the data collection and use practices of these other third parties .
You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit in order to determine what companies may be collecting information on those websites .
OBA Opt Out If you would like to opt-out of being served OBA on the Site by our third-party advertising companies , click on the Ad Choices icon below and select the companies whose OBA technology you would like to block on the Site .
You may also opt-out of other third party programs using OBA technology on your web browser : ( a ) for users targeted in the United States by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/choices and ( b ) for users targeted in Europe by visiting www.youronlinechoices.com , selecting the country where you are located , and selecting Your Ad Choices .
For more information about online advertising , please visit ( a ) www.aboutads.info/consumers regarding United States online choices and/or ( b ) www.youronlinechoices.com regarding European online choices .
Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications , whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes , to you via email notice , written or hard copy notice , or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Site page , as determined by Company in its sole discretion .
We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you , provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms will constitute acceptance of those changes .
Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this Site , or your dealings with this Site , please contact us at legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com , or send mail to :  Evolve Media , LLC 5140 W. Goldleaf Circle , Third Floor Los Angeles , CA 90056 Attn : General Counsel Bell Media Website Privacy Policy
( Last Updated on April 1 , 2011 )
Bell Media respects the privacy of all of its users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains Bell Media Inc. 's and its subsidiaries ' ( collectively , " Bell Media " ) treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on or related to all Bell Media websites referencing this Privacy Policy ( the " Bell Media Sites " ) and all services made available on the Bell Media Sites ( collectively , unless noted otherwise , the " Bell Media Services " ) .
This Privacy Policy also explains how you can ask questions and make suggestions about our privacy practices and review and update your personal information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and to check back periodically as this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or websites which are not owned or controlled by Bell Media .
In the course of operating the Bell Media Services , we may collect two types of information about our users : Personal Information and Non-Personal Information . "
Personal Information " is personally identifiable information , such as your name , address , email address , birth date and gender .
Personal Information is collected by us when you choose to provide it to us when registering for a Bell Media Service , such as when you choose to subscribe to a Bell Media Service , enter a Bell Media promotion , choose to receive a Bell Media newsletter , or choose to participate in a Bell Media survey .
In addition , if you choose to contact any of our customer service representatives , we may keep a record of that correspondence so that we may fully address the subject matter .
We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties , provided that such third parties confirm to us that you have permitted them to share such information .
Business contact information such as the name , title , business address , email address or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information .
" Non-Personal Information " is information of an anonymous nature , such as your Internet Protocol Address ( " IP Address " ) , the domain you may have used to access a Bell Media Service , the type and version of browser or operating system you may be using , and the website you may have come from and visit next .
Aggregate information , such as demographic statistics of our users ( e.g. , average age or geographical allocation of our users ) , number of visitors and average time spent on a Bell Media Service , is also considered Non-Personal Information . Non-
Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the Bell Media Services .
For example , our web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie ( as defined herein ) or through a Web Beacon ( as defined herein ) when you choose to visit a Bell Media Service .
Non-Personal Information is used by Bell Media as described in this Privacy Policy .
Personal Information may be used by us for the following purposes : a .
Providing you with the Bell Media Services and information you have requested from us , including your use of the Bell Media Sites .
We may from time to time use your Personal Information to contact you about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to the Bell Media Services ;  b .
If you indicated that you were interested in receiving offers or information from Bell Media or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Bell Media may send you email materials and other mailings about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you .
If at any time you would like to end your subscription to any such email materials , follow the directions posted at the bottom of the email material ;  c .
If you enter a contest or other promotion offered on a Bell Media Site , we may , under the rules of the promotion , use your name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion ; or d .
Bell Media may also use Personal Information if it has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal , provincial or foreign law or in order to protect or defend a legal interest .
We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone .
We will only disclose your Personal Information to third parties :  a .
Where you have specifically given us your consent to disclose your Personal Information for a designated purpose ;  b .
Who are acting on our behalf as our agents , suppliers or service providers , solely to enable us to more efficiently provide you with the Bell Media Services .
Such entities act under strict contractual controls , requiring them to maintain the confidentiality of all such Personal Information and to use such information solely for purposes related to the provision of the Bell Media Services ;  c .
As may be set out in the Terms and Conditions applicable to a Bell Media Service , to facilitate the provision of such Bell Media Service , such as fulfilling legal requirements ;  d .
As required by law , including by an order of any court , institution or body with jurisdiction or authority to compel the production of information , or in order to protect or defend a legal interest ; or e .
In connection with a Bell Media corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or a sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Bell Media provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information .
A Bell Media Service may contain links to other websites and services .
While we try to link only to sites and services that share our high standards and respect for privacy , please understand that we are not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Bell Media Services referencing this Privacy Policy .
The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with the Bell Media Services are served through reputable third party advertisement serving partners , in accordance with their policies as described on their own websites .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
Bell Media takes technical , contractual , administrative , and physical security steps to protect Personal Information that you provide to us .
We instruct our employees with access to your Personal Information that it is to be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and the laws applicable to each specific business .
In certain areas , such as when you provide credit card information to us , we work to help protect the security of your credit card information during transmission by using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology .
You can help protect the security of your Personal Information as well .
For instance , never give out your password , since this is what is used to access your account or registration information .
Also remember to log out of your account and close your browser window when you finish using a Bell Media Service or surfing the web , so that other people using the same computer wo n't have access to your information .
Bell Media may from time to time change this Privacy Policy as new Bell Media Services are added or old ones changed .
Changes will be effective when notice of such change is posted at a Bell Media Site .
Please check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates by checking the date of " Last Update " at the top of this document .
Privacy procedures specific to a Bell Media Service can be found on a Bell Media Site at the location of the particular Bell Media Service , or in additional terms referenced at such Bell Media Site .
Those procedures are an addendum to this Privacy Policy , and are provided to you at the place where they will be of most use to you .
Bell Media provides you with the means to access , update , edit or delete any account or registration information you may have provided to us at any time on your own by going to the appropriate page in the account or registration section of the relevant Bell Media Service , and changing or deleting such information as desired .
If you are unsure whether we have a record containing any of your Personal Information and would like to confirm whether or not we do , please send an email to Bell Media indicating all email addresses that you may have given us .
If you decide at any time that you do not want to receive any email materials to which you have subscribed , you may choose to unsubscribe to these emails by following the instructions at the end of the message .
If you have questions , comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or Bell Media 's privacy practices that were not answered here , send us an email .
Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the Bell Media Services .
For example , our web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie or through a Web Beacon when you choose to visit a Bell Media Service .
In addition to Bell Media 's practices related to IP Addresses , Cookies or Web Beacons , Non-Personal Information is used generally by Bell Media to monitor and improve the operation of the Bell Media Services , to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users , to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific Bell Media Services , to describe our services to third parties such as prospective business partners and advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources .
No Personal Information will be disclosed during these activities .
Bell Media may also use Non-Personal Information to inform our sponsors and advertisers as to the performance of a particular sponsorship ( such as a contest ) or advertisement .
In such case we may disclose to those third-party sponsors and advertisers the overall aggregate demographics available regarding , for example , who participated in a contest or who saw and " clicked " on an advertisement .
No Personal Information will be disclosed to these sponsors and advertisers as part of this process ; only information in an anonymous , aggregate form will be disclosed .
An IP Address is the unique number which is assigned to every direct Internet access point .
Many IP Addresses can generally be associated with certain Internet service providers or large organizations .
IP Addresses do not contain any Personal Information .
When you , through your browser , request a web page or similar Internet information from another computer on the Internet , your browser automatically provides that computer with an IP address to which it will send the requested information .
a .
Whenever you request a Bell Media Service web page or certain other similar Bell Media content , your browser automatically provides our computers with your IP Address , to which our computers will send the requested information .
Each such request is logged by our computers with information including the IP Address of the computer that requested the page and is stored by our computers as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy ;  b .
Bell Media may use your IP Address to display more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on your geographic area .
Aggregate information derived from IP Addresses may be reported by Bell Media to its advertisers and partners .
For example , Bell Media may report to its advertisers the estimated total number of users accessing a particular Bell Media Site from a specific province ; and c .
Bell Media may use your IP Address to facilitate the diagnoses and remedy of a technical problem reported by you or our technical team .
A " Cookie " is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred ( through your browser ) from a web site to the hard drive of your computer .
The Cookie identifies your browser and will not let a web site know any personal information about you , such as your name and address .
Since Cookies are only text files , they can not run on your computer , search your computer for other information , or transmit any information to anyone .
Bell Media may use Cookies to :  a .
Monitor website usage and improve the operation and performance of the Bell Media Services and to make our Bell Media Services easier and more convenient to use .
For example , Cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized services ( e.g. language preference ) .
Cookies also allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit a Bell Media Service ;  b .
Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to the Bell Media Services and advertisements ( e.g. , number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) .
This information helps us to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides us with details as to the performance of third party advertisements and content .
This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to our current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners .
No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ; and c .
Displaying advertisements .
Bell Media and third party advertising providers used by Bell Media may use Cookies when serving advertisements .
Cookies are used on many major web sites .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies .
If you prefer , you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a Cookie , or to refuse to accept Cookies .
You should understand that while Bell Media does not require you to use Cookies , certain Bell Media Services will not function properly if you set your browser to not accept Cookies .
Certain Bell Media Services may contain electronic images known as " Web Beacons " , sometimes called single-pixel gifs , that allow Bell Media to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
Web Beacons are not used to access your Personal Information ; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about Bell Media Service usage .
Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information including a Cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides .
Certain Bell Media Service web pages may also contain Web Beacons placed there by our advertising partners or web analytics service providers to help Bell Media determine the effectiveness of our Internet advertising campaigns .
Telegraph Media Group comprises Telegraph Media Group Limited , VOS Media Limited and QP Magazine Limited .
When we collect your information we may share it across our group companies .
This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how Telegraph Media Group uses personal information we collect and how you can limit our use of that personal data .
1.1
We gather information that relates to , and can identify you ( e.g. your name and address ) and information that does not identify you ( e.g. a visitor 's behaviour patterns when they visit our website ) .
We collect information that does not identify you to evaluate our site , ensure that our site and services run properly and ensure we are paid for advertising services we offer .
We might also collect your IP address through the placement of cookies ( see sections 6 and 7 on cookies and their management , below ) .
2.1 Information is gathered in two ways : ( 1 ) indirectly ( e.g. using website technology or technology when you use a Telegraph application for a mobile device ) ; and ( 2 ) directly ( e.g. when you buy a subscription , sign up to create a telegraph.co.uk profile , download a mobile device application or you otherwise provide your information when you interact with us ) .
3.1
We always explain why and how we might contact you at the point you give your information to us .
We also provide the means for you to grant or withhold your permission for us to contact you
We do this by using opt-out tick boxes .
If the boxes are n't there , it 's because we will not use your information for any other purpose than that for which you give it ( e.g. to administer a subscription ) .
3.2 When responding to promotions , offers etc.
by postcard , if you do not wish for your details to be used by us to send you promotions and offers , please make this clear by stating " No Offers " .
3.3
If you have signed up to receive marketing from us by text , to stop this , please reply STOP to the last message you received .
4.1 We might use your information to : ( 1 ) remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies .
You can prevent this ; section 5 deals with this in more detail ;  ( 2 ) place your anonymised information into audience segments to identify your interests so that we might serve you with advertisements and offers that will interest you ( 3 ) ensure any products or services you receive are correctly administered ( including subscriptions ) ;  ( 4 ) contact you by email , mail , telephone or sms text message to let you know about any of our products , services or promotions ( which , in some cases may be provided by third parties ) but only according to the permissions you give us ;  ( 5 ) ensure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device ;  
( 6 ) collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage ;  
( 7 ) assess and understand customer feedback and identify usage hotspots ;  
4.2
If you have subscribed to any of or services , we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you have told us otherwise .
5.1 You can update your details and marketing preferences by accessing your account pages on the website , by emailing data.protection @ telegraph.co.uk or by writing to us at Data Department , Victory House , Meeting House Lane , Chatham , Kent , ME4 4TT .
5.2
You have the right to access the personal information held about you .
To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you , please send an email to data.protection @ telegraph.co.uk .
There will be an administrative charge of 10 for providing a copy of this information .
6.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites .
Find out more about the use of cookies on http : //www.cookiecentral.com .
6.2
We use the following types of cookie :  ( 1 ) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website .
They keep track of browsing patterns and build up a profile of how our readers use the website .
We might use that information to target advertisements to you on our and other websites .
( 2 ) Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible ; remember your registration and login details ; remember your settings preferences ; and meter the number of pages you view for the purpose of administering subscriptions to The Telegraph .
( 3 ) Third party advertising and analytics cookies , which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site .
These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site .
They are anonymous they can not identify individuals .
They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once .
They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites .
6.3
We have no access to third party cookies and third party organisations have no access to ours .
The third party organisations that place cookies have their own strict privacy policies .
7.1
Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies .
To do this look at the help menu on your browser .
Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates .
7.2
If you would prefer to just restrict third party cookies , visit www.myonlinechoices.com or click on the AdChoices logo that you will see in the corner of advertisements that carry behavioural targeting cookies .
7.3 ComScore , Inc ( www.comscore.com ) is one of the third parties we use to provide us with information about how users use our website .
Click here to learn more information about how we use their third party service to collect and use information about this website .
7.4 If you would like to disable " third party " cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services , you can turn them off by going to the third party 's website and getting them to generate a one-time " no thanks " cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine .
Here are links to the two main third party advertising platforms we use , each of which has instructions on how to do this :  http : //www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ad-cookie/ http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy 7.5 You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising companies for more information on how to opt out of these cookies : http : //youronlinechoices.com/
8.1
The password you provide when registering with the website is encrypted to ensure protection against unauthorised access to your personal information .
8.2 We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy .
No data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure , and therefore we can not guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the website .
Any information that you send is at your own risk and may be read by others .
However once we have received your personal information we use strict procedures to protect the security of your personal information .
9.1 We may disclose your personal information if we are approached by a potential buyer of our business , if we required to do so by law or in good-faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law .
9.2
We sometimes share your personal information with third parties who are our subcontractors or providers of various products and services on our behalf e.g. the providers of the services available on our Offers page : http : //www.telegraph.co.uk/sponsored/offers/ . 9.3 We never sell personal information , or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission .
10.1
The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) in order to carry out the activities listed in Use of Your Information .
11.1 If we change our Policy , we will post the changes on this page .
Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy .
12.1
If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy , please notify us by email at data.protection @ telegraph.co.uk
and we will try to solve the problem promptly .
Privacy Policy Covering the practices of www.profootballtalk.com and www.collegefootballtalk.com
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the FOOTBALL TALK LLC Customer Service Department at privacypolicy @
profootballtalk.com or via postal mail at : Football Talk , LLC 333 East Main Street Clarksburg , WV 26301 Information on general usage and any personal details you provide FOOTBALL TALK LLC will be used to provide you with enhanced features such as customized content , access to our bulletin boards , web logs ( blogs ) and participation in chats .
The following are details of the information FOOTBALL TALK LLC collects :  Personal Information .
At some Football Talk LLC sites you can purchase products , enter contests or sweepstakes , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as email newsletters and/or participate in our online communities .
In order for you to participate in these activities Football Talk LLC may request and collect certain information and data from you such as name , age , gender , address , email address , zip code , telephone number , credit card information and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs and services .
By providing contact information , you will be eligible to acquire user ID 's and passwords that will allow you to play the fantasy games and to participate in the Football Talk LLC community .
Other People 's Information .
At some Football Talk LLC sites , you will have the ability to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's email address to challenge them to a fantasy game or their name and address to send a gift subscription .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people may include : name , address and email address .
This information is not stored by Football Talk LLC and is not used for any purpose other than for the purpose that the information is collected .
Tracking .
In the course of using the Football Talk LLC site , Football Talk LLC may assign random numbers to you for the purpose of anonymously tracking site usage .
Information tracked includes , but is not limited to , the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on the Football Talk LLC site or not ) , which URL you go to next ( whether this URL is on the Football Talk LLC site or not ) , what browser you are using , and your IP address .
Many sites automatically collect this information .
This information is used for purposes of system administration , diagnostics , site tracking and reporting of aggregate usage information to third parties such as our advertisers and content partners or for research purposes .
Football Talk LLC does not link information automatically collected to information identifying visitors individually .
Cookies .
Football Talk LLC may employ cookies to recognize visitors and their privileges in order to provide visitors with user specific information , as well as to track site usage .
Cookies can also help provide information that is targeted to visitors ' interests .
Cookies are stored on your browser , not on the Football Talk LLC site .
You are free to decline Football Talk LLC cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session .
Also , visitors who do not accept cookies may not be able to access certain portions of the Football Talk LLC site .
Cookies used by Football Talk LLC are not tied to personally identifiable information and do not contain personally identifiable information about a visitor , and FOOTBALL TALK LLC does not use cookies to obtain such information .
Cookies used by Football Talk LLC are session cookies , meaning that they can be automatically deleted at the end of a session ( technically when the user quits the browser ) .
Advertisers and Sponsors .
Football Talk LLC sponsors and advertisers may use cookies within their advertisements or promotions .
Football Talk LLC will likely not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
Visitors who want any information about these cookies should contact the sponsors and advertisers directly .
Once you click on a sponsor link or advertisement and leave the Football Talk LLC sites our privacy policy no longer applies .
You must read the privacy policy of the individual advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their site .
There may be times when we use third-party advertising companies ( the Companies ) to serve ads when you visit our site .
These Companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
In addition , we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with this these Companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements , for market research analysis on our site and other sites and for tracking a specific activity on our site relating to the marketing efforts of an advertiser .
For these purposes , the Companies may note some of the pages you visit on our site as well as some of the activities you undertake through the use of Web Beacons and pixel tags ( also called clear gifs ) .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , the Companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer .
As is always the case , information collected and used by these Companies will not be tied to a user 's personal information and will only be used in the aggregate .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt-out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network-advertising cookies .
This site will also allow you to review the third party advertising companies .
Provide Services .
Football Talk LLC asks for information in connection with registration , promotions , email updates , and prizes .
Football Talk LLC may use this information to tailor online presentations , facilitate navigation throughout sites operated by Football Talk LLC , provide personalized services and promotions , or offer products and services that Football Talk LLC believes might be of use or interest to you , and to communicate separately with you .
This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information ( such as demographic information and past purchase history ) available from our records and other sources .
This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and may also be used to bring you offers of interest .
Third Parties .
We do not sell information about our visitors .
Football Talk LLC will not transfer your personal information to another party for that party 's exclusive use apart from the use of the information by Football Talk LLC .
However , if we believe there is value to our members , we will send messages or promotions to you on behalf of another company .
In these instances , we do not transfer your name to the third party we send the mailing for them .
In all instances we only send mailings if you 've given your permission .
These promotions may include physical mailings as well , but in a similar fashion will be sent by Football Talk LLC and only if you 've given your permission .
We may transfer your personal information to companies that we hire that deliver products and services ( shipping companies , fulfillment companies and email management companies ) , companies that operate sweepstakes and promotions on our behalf and sponsors from whom you have ordered or requested products .
These companies will not have the ability to use the information for their own purposes but will merely use it to fulfill on our behalf .
Visitors who register for fantasy games through other parties ( e.g. , through co-branded games ) may have some or all of their profile information ( name , email address , etc. )  shared with those parties , but only if you consent ( opt-in/opt-out ) to having your contact information shared with those parties so that they can contact you directly .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those other parties .
Aggregate Reports .
Football Talk LLC will aggregate reports for advertisers .
For example , Football Talk LLC may tell advertisers how many people saw or clicked on an ad and additionally , how many people saw or clicked on ads in different portions of the Football Talk LLC sites .
Where available , Football Talk LLC may offer additional aggregate information about viewer characteristics .
However , this will not include personally identifiable information about you or your usage patterns .
Our advertisers allow us to provide their products and services to visitors , and in return , they will need to know how to effectively place their ads in order to attract potential customers .
Information Not Released .
Surveys may ask for contact information or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results .
Contests may require contact information or other demographic/ personal information in order to determine eligibility .
This information will not be released to third parties without your consent .
Additionally , usage information may be analyzed so that FOOTBALL TALK LLC can judge its system 's performance or execute visitors ' customized features .
Community Elements .
Football Talk LLC has comments and blogs available to visitors and may incorporate additional forums in the future .
Please be aware that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in any of these public forums .
Football Talk LLC does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums .
Football Talk LLC does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums .
Any personal information , including your email address , voluntarily disclosed by you and posted on a Football Talk LLC site can be viewed and used by others .
If you post personal information that is accessible to the public online you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Correspondence .
If you send Football Talk LLC personal correspondence , such as e-mails or letters , or if other visitors or third parties send Football Talk LLC correspondence about your activities or postings on a Football Talk LLC site , Football Talk LLC may collect such information into a file .
No such information will be released to third parties without your consent .
Any information or material disclosed or provided by you in personal correspondence to Football Talk LLC or in any survey conducted by Football Talk LLC will not be used by Football Talk LLC for advertising or marketing purposes without your consent but may be used for editorial purposes .
E-commerce Partners .
There will be times when you are shopping on Football Talk LLC , that you are directed to a third party domain where your information is collected .
This information is not shared with Football Talk LLC unless specifically stated at that third party domain .
In all cases the information is collected subject to the privacy policy of the third party .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites .
Distribution and Display .
Football Talk LLC will not make contact information available to the general public in any form without the consent of the visitor identified .
This does not prevent or restrict FOOTBALL TALK LLC from ( i ) distributing information that is already publicly available , including but not limited to information available in public telephone directories , classified ads , newspaper reports , publications , and the like , ( ii ) providing information as required by law , court order , or other valid legal process or ( iii ) displaying information in an online bulletin board , chat room , news group , or other public forum , where the information being displayed was placed there by a visitor or other third party .
News and Information .
Football Talk LLC sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer visitors access to co-branded news and other information on the Football Talk LLC site .
There is no collection of contact or other personal information in connection with the provision of such information .
E-Commerce/ Contests .
Football Talk LLC may contain links to other third-party web sites , including affiliate and e-commerce partners , sweepstakes providers and sponsors .
When you register with third party web sites through FOOTBALL TALK LLC , there are instances where information is collected by the third party , and is not shared with Football Talk LLC .
In these cases , information provided is subject to the privacy policy of the third party .
Such third parties may use information to send promotional items to or otherwise communicate with you and/or may share information with additional parties .
Your ability to opt out of having this information used for such purposes is dependent upon the third party 's privacy policy .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites .
Co-branded Fantasy Games .
Football Talk LLC sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer the third parties ' visitors access to a co-branded fantasy game .
In such cases , the game is co-branded with logos and/or content from that third party .
Some or all of the profile information ( name , email address , etc. )  provided to Football Talk LLC by visitors who register from a third party 's web site may be made available to that third party subject to the preferences of each user ( opt-in/opt-out decision ) .
In some cases , the third party may have a limited contractual right with Football Talk LLC to communicate with visitors .
Your ability to opt out of receiving communications ( email or otherwise ) from Football Talk LLC and the third party depends on the Football Talk LLC privacy policy and the third party 's privacy policy , respectively .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties .
If at any time you are uncertain about whether or not your personal information will be provided to Football Talk LLC or a third party , please feel free to contact our Customer Service Department at privacypolicy @
profootballtalk.com User Created Content .
Please be aware that all content that you create ( User Content ) that is posted on message boards , polls , blogs or other community oriented areas ( Community Areas ) is provided for entertainment purposes and that Football Talk LLC may , in its sole discretion , choose to remove any such content from Community Areas if we believe that the content is inappropriate for public display .
Our goal is to avoid abuse of these Community Areas in order to create an enjoyable and entertaining user experience .
If you are aware of any content that may be inappropriate or users who are abusing our systems please contact us at privacypolicy @
profootballtalk.com .
Football Talk LLC can not ensure that parties who have access to the publicly available information in these Community Areas will respect your privacy so please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in these areas .
Football Talk LLC is also not responsible for the content or business practices of web sites that are linked from these Community Areas by our visitors so please keep this in mind before clicking on any links .
Football Talk LLC Rights to User Content .
Football Talk LLC does not claim ownership of User Content .
However , you hereby grant Football Talk LLC a world-wide , royalty-free , non-exclusive , perpetual , irrevocable , and fully sub-licensable right and license to use , reproduce , modify , adapt , publish , translate , create derivative works from , distribute , perform , and display your User Content and to incorporate User Content in other works in any form , media , or technology now known or later developed .
Upon registration , Football Talk LLC provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications ( updates , information and promotions ) from Football Talk LLC and its partners .
In addition , if you do not decide to opt-out during registration , you can remove yourself from either mailing list by following the unsubscribe instructions given at the bottom of all e-mail received from Football Talk LLC .
You may also change your opt-out preferences at any time by following the instructions located in Paragraph I of this Policy Updating Personal Information .
By registering for a specific Football Talk LLC service ( newsletters , premium content , fantasy games , etc. )  
you are consenting to receive email relating to that service and will not have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications .
If once you receive a mailing you do not wish to receive future mailings , you may unsubscribe .
Football Talk LLC sites may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on Football Talk LLC , ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Football Talk LLC or the visitors of Football Talk LLC , or ( c ) protect the personal safety of visitors of Football Talk LLC or the public .
In addition , notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy , in the event that Football Talk LLC merges with , or substantially all of its assets are acquired by , another business entity , personal information that users have provided at any point in time to Football Talk LLC may be released or transferred to the new business entity as one of the transferred assets .
Further , personal user information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with any Football Talk LLC offer to merge or sell substantially all of Football Talk LLC assets .
If Football Talk LLC merges with , or substantially all of its assets are acquired by , another business entity Football Talk LLC will provide notice of such a transaction on the Football Talk LLC web sites and via email .
All information gathered on the Football Talk LLC site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only .
Football Talk LLC uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information , including firewalls and Secure Socket Layers .
Football Talk LLC treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access .
We employ security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company .
Your Football Talk LLC profile is password-protected so that you are the only member who has access to this information .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
To ensure that you 've logged out of your account , please remember to close your browser window when you have finished your visit .
This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information , especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place .
FOOTBALL TALK LLC believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of children .
Football Talk LLC does not willingly or knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to register to become a member of the Football Talk LLC community .
In order to register at Football Talk LLC and become a member , visitors must first certify that they are at least 13 years old and have read and accepted the Football Talk LLC privacy guidelines as well as rules and regulations pertaining to fantasy games and contests .
Privacy Policy
This website , Formula1.com ( the " Site " ) , and all personal information collected from users of this Site , are owned solely by Formula One Management Limited .
In this Privacy Policy references to " we " , " us " , " our " , are references to Formula One Management Limited .
This Privacy Policy outlines how we treat your personal information and forms part of the Terms and Conditions of this Site .
This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site , and not to the collection and use of personal information by any third party via any website to which there are links on this Site .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites , and encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site , and to read all applicable terms , conditions and privacy policies when using other websites .
Your use of this Site signifies your consent to our collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You may access this Site 's home page and browse the Site without disclosing any personal data .
In order to provide you with a range of services , however , we may collect personal information from this Site , from written information sent to us and from other communications .
We may for example , keep a record of your name , mailing address , email address , telephone number , gender and preferences .
Any personal data relating to you will be used and recorded by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy .
We may use your personal information to communicate with you , such as to let you know about new features or offerings on Formula1.com , for record keeping purposes , and in aggregate ( and therefore anonymously ) for market research purposes , to track activity on our site , to publish trends and/or to improve usefulness and content and for any other purpose that we may notify to you and the relevant data protection authority from time to time .
We may operate a mailing list to send you FORMULA ONE ( tm ) related news .
This mailing list currently operates as an ' opt in ' mailing list whereby subscribers add themselves to the list .
We only send emails to addresses which have been subscribed to the list .
We do not ' spam ' .
If you wish to unsubscribe from the list please e-mail us at unsubscribe @
formula1.com .
We currently do not share , license or sell these e-mail addresses .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to anyone who may take over the running of the Site or who may purchase any or all of our assets including your personal information .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to any law enforcement agency requesting it in connection with the commission of any offence , once we are reasonably satisfied as to the circumstances surrounding the request .
We also reserve the right to access and disclose your personal information in order to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly or to protect our users and ourselves .
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell , share , trade or license your personal information to others without your express consent .
We take every precaution to protect your personal information .
In addition , we have strict security protocols in place to protect our customer database from unauthorised access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorised modification , and unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
We only allow access to the customer database when absolutely necessary , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of such details .
We may ask you for proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you .
We always aim to improve the services we offer .
As a result we may occasionally canvass our customers using surveys .
Participation in surveys is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey you might receive from us .
Should you choose to do so , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information .
Your participation on our Site may mean that we occasionally contact you with the opportunity to enter competitions .
Entry to competitions is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to take up an invitation from us to enter .
Should you choose to enter a competition , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information .
Cookies are small , harmless files of letters and numbers that are placed on the hard drive of your computer , smartphone or other device , or in your browser memory if you agree .
We use cookies to make our website faster and easier to use and to generally improve your user experience .
For example , we use cookies to remember your preference settings for some of our online services or to remember what you have added to your shopping basket if you visit The F1 Store .
Other cookies help us understand how visitors use our website , for example the pages they visit and the links they click on , or tell us which advertisements bring visitors to our website .
What our cookies do n't do is store any personal or confidential information about you .
By continuing to browse our site , you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy .
Yes , cookies are harmless text files .
They ca n't look into your computer or device or read any personal information or other material on your hard drive .
Cookies ca n't carry viruses or install anything harmful on your computer .
We recommend that you to keep cookies active during your visits to our website because parts of the site rely on them to work properly .
If you disable cookies , you will still be able to browse the site , but certain parts of our website may not function correctly and key features may not be available .
You can restrict , block or delete cookies from Formula1.com at any time by changing the cookie preferences in your web browser settings .
As each browser is different , please use your browser 's help function or your phone or device 's manual to find out how to customise your cookie settings .
Alternately , for more detailed information on how to manage cookies , please visit http :
//www.aboutcookies.org/
Like many websites , Formula1.com uses both first and third party cookies , which maybe ' session ' or ' persistent ' cookies .
Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser .
Persistent cookies , on the other hand , last beyond your browsing session and remain on your computer or device until their set expiry date unless they are deleted .
All the cookies on this site are listed below and categorized according to whether they are first or third party .
These are cookies that are set by our website and are used to monitor how visitors find and use our website .
We record such activity in aggregate and use this information solely for the purposes of understanding overall visitor behaviour and for monitoring and making improvements to our website .
Many of the first party cookies we use are session cookies .
No personally-identifiable data is collected these simply enable us to track your session from page to page and keep you signed in whilst you use our website using a unique ID .
Without these cookies these functions would not work .
Other first party cookies we use are persistent cookies and help us remember you as a user each time you use the same computer or device to revisit our site .
We also use persistent cookies to track how popular our site is and to record visitor trends over time .
As with our first party session cookies , no personally-identifiable or sensitive data is collected .
Consent Preference Cookies ( TBA ) :
When you arrive at this site for the first time , you will see a banner at the top of web page alerting you to our use of cookies .
The cookie SkipCookieLegislation remembers your cookie preference and lasts beyond your current session .
This cookie does not store any personal information , only the word " True " or False .
Omniture SiteCatalyst Cookies :
These use a mix of first and third party cookies and have the below functions .
No personal or sensitive information is collected .
sc_ev : used to collect information about how visitors use the site .
These can be considered as performance cookies and expire when the browser is closed .
cmp_cookie : used to collect information about how visitors use the site .
These can be considered as performance cookies and expire when the browser is closed .
s_vi [ ID ] : is a persistent cookie which stores unique visitor ID and a time/date stamp .
This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor and is served by 207.net.
s_lv :
This cookie tracks the number of days between visits for a user visiting the site .
s_lv_s :
This cookie is used by an Omniture plugin to capture the days since a user last visited the site .
s_cc :
This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled .
s_sq :
This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when some Omniture functionality is enabled ( normally ClickMap ) .
It contains information about the previous link that was clicked on by the user .
Session IDs :
Our web server may create session cookies which are essential for your use of some of the interactive elements of the website , such as contact forms and logging in .
The cookie contains a session ID which is a mechanism for distinguishing your visit to our website from any other visitors that may be using the website at the same time and expires when you leave our website .
For more information on session IDs , please see http : //support.microsoft.com/kb/899918 .
Analytics Cookies :
We use Google Analytics to collect information about and analyse how visitors use our website .
Google Analytics creates a number of first party cookies , all prefixed _
_
utm , as follows :  
_
_utma : contains a unique and anonymous identifying ID , which allows us to ensure that subsequent visits to our website are recorded as belonging to the same ( unique ) visitor .
This cookie expires after two years .
_
_utmb : used to establish and continue a unique user session .
Each time you request another page from the website the cookie is updated to expire after 30minutes.
_
_utmc : works with __utmb to determine when to create a new session for a website visitor .
This is a session cookie and expires when you exit the browser .
_
_utmz : tracks how you found us and is used to calculate traffic and navigation within the website .
It is updated with every new page view and expires after 6 months .
You may also sometimes find a __utmv cookie which relates to custom reporting segments , a feature which is occasionally used on Google Analytics .
The information collected is completely anonymous and may expire after the current session or last longer .
We do not allow external organisations to access , use or share any of this information .
Full details of the cookies which Google Analytics uses can be found on the ' Cookies and Google Analytics ' page of Google 's website at http : //code.google.com
/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html in If you wish to opt out of our use of Google Analytics , you may wish to consider using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on , which can be found at http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout , in order to maintain your experience for the rest of the website .
Content Management and Site Navigation Cookies :
Our content management tool creates a number of first party cookies .
These are session cookies which are deleted when you close your browser .
We use the data that is collected using these cookies to report , in aggregate , how our visitors find and use our website .
This allows us to understand overall visitor behaviour and update and improve our website .
All data is aggregated and can not be used to personally identify you .
Mobile Cookies ( eflag ) :
This is cookie that remembers your choice of the mobile or desktop site .
The cookie lasts beyond your current session , but no personal or sensitive information is collected .
Ident ( IDENT , SkipIdent ) :
These cookies are used by the homepage to remember whether y you have elected to always skip the site 's intro sequence .
F1 Store Cookies :
These cookies identify users and retain information surrounding preferences , login , baskets etc .
These are functional cookies .
Persistent_id_ [ ID ] ASP.NET_SessionId Session_
[ ID ]
KB_105_Language KB_105_BasketID
KB_105_Currency KB_105_network
As well as using cookies from our advertising partners , from time to time we may embed external content from third party websites within our website , such as plug-ins from Facebook and Twitter .
We use these cookies , which maybe session or persistent , as marketing tools for our own business and to provide convenience tools for our visitors .
As this content is created by an external service , we have no direct control over the setting or management of these cookies .
If you would like to change your third party cookie preferences , please check the third party websites for information on how to manage them .
Cloudflare Cookies ( _cfduid ) :
This cookie is used as part of a service which helps improve your user experience by optimising page load times globally .
The cookie lasts beyond your current session , but no personal or sensitive information is collected .
Flash Local Shared Object ( LSO ) or Flash Cookies :
We rarely use Flash technology on our website , however , occasionally , we use Adobe Flash technology , which uses Flash Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies , to display certain content as set out below .
Please note that these cookies can not be controlled through your web browser .
If you would like to disable or manage your Flash cookies , you must do this through Adobe 's Global Storage Settings panel at http : //www.macromedia.com/
support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html .
Video Cookies :
We may periodically use video services to host video content , and embed content in our web pages to allow you to watch the video without leaving our website .
We use a variety of providers , but examples include : - YouTube 's embedded player : this currently creates & updates a Flash LSO called s.ytimg.com .
We have no direct control over YouTube 's use of the data stored in this object .
For more information , please read YouTube 's privacy policy .
- Corus Video Player : Corus supply a similar service to YouTube .
For more information , please view the Corus privacy policy We occasionally trial other services , which may create cookies on your computer or device .
If we do so , these trials will be listed here .
For more detailed information about cookies and how to manage them , please visit http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ .
Unsubscribe We hope that you will enjoy using this Site and the services we offer .
However , you may request that your personal information is not used in the ways outlined above .
This is called unsubscribing , and may be achieved by any of the following methods :  Sign in and visit the Edit details page , untick the relevant check box ( es ) and save your details .
If your personal information changes , or if you believe that the personal data we hold about you is incorrect , you may ask us to correct or update the personal information held by us by sending an email to admin @
formula1.com
We may send you Site and service announcements or updates .
You can not unsubscribe from service announcements , as they will contain important information about the services provided on the Site .
Notification of Changes
We may occasionally modify our Privacy Policy , and when this happens , we will notify you via our homepage .
Privacy Support
If you have any enquiry or concern about our privacy policy , please email us at admin @
formula1.com
This privacy policy is applicable to the Site accessible at www.ufc.com , which is owned and operated by Zuffa , LLC ( hereinafter referred to as " we " , " our " , or " us " ) .
The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect , how we may collect it , with whom we may share it , and certain other matters related to such information , including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you .
The following are the types of information we may collect :
Information You Provide Us Personal information that you provide to us , such as your user ID and password , name , email address , telephone number , physical address , birth date , gender or zip code or other information may be collected via the Site .
Site Usage Information We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Site .
For example , we may collect click-stream data and your IP address .
Email Communications
When you open emails from the Site , we may receive a confirmation noting you opened an email from us , if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from us and our subsidiaries and affiliates .
Additionally , we keep a record of what types of emails you have opted to and not to receive .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to your personal information .
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Site , including but not limited to those described below : Registration You may be asked first to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information ; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Site may choose to offer , including , but not limited to , Newsletters , Contests , Forums or other subscription-based services .
Newsletters and Site Emails We may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Site , about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries , or about our business partners and advertisers and sponsors .
You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Site .
You may cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Site or , in some instances , in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails .
Contests or Sweepstakes We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Site which may require registration .
Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification , prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes .
We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Site , such as on a winners page , in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes .
We will not post your information without your permission .
In some instances , a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Site , and collect your information .
In those cases , where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes , we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser 's or sponsor 's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating .
Surveys or Voting From timeto-time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls .
Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information .
At times , you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey .
Cookies
As with many Websites , the Site uses standard technology called " cookies , " which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies .
Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site , and make using the Site easier for you by saving your passwords , purchases , and preferences .
By tracking how and when you use the Site , cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not .
Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies .
Accepting cookies allows you , among other things , to personalize your experience on the Site .
Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser ; however , some areas of the Site may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies .
IP Addresses and Click-stream Data
We may collect IP addresses
and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet .
Our computers identify your computer by its IP address .
When you request Web pages from the Site , our computers log your IP address .
Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Site .
Click-stream data may include such information as the page served , the time , the source of the request , the type of browser making the request , the preceding page view and other such non-personal information .
When analyzed , this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Site , what type of content is most popular , what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising , and the like .
Transaction Information
If you order any information from our Site , buy any of our products or subscribe for any of the services offered on our Site , we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you , including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact , billing and shipping information .
We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested , i.e. , to deliver the information , products or other services that you order , and to invoice you .
Such information is collected and stored through encrypted means for your protection .
We own the information collected via this Site .
As applicable , the information you provide to us may be used to :  contact you about the Site ; contact you relating to your membership status ; confirm or fulfill an order you have made ; monitor or improve the use of the Site ; customize the advertising and content you see ; monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Site ; provide special offers to you from us and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties ; send you promotional material on behalf of our business partners ; inform you of a prize you have won .
At times , we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes .
The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others : Agents : We employ other businesses , certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , sending e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , Site analysis , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These entities have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Promotional Offers : We may send offers by email to you on behalf of other partners .
When we do this , we do not give that partner your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , you may opt out in response to the email , or change your preferences by visiting http : //www.ufc.com .
Aggregate Information : We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Site usage statistics with advertisers , sponsors or other organizations .
When this type of information is shared , the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information .
Opt-in and Opt-out Programs : Throughout the Site you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties .
An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared .
If you do choose to have your information shared , in an effort to protect you , third parties who have access to personally identifiable information must abide by the current Site privacy policy .
However , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies , and you should review the privacy practices of such Web sites prior to providing your personally identifiable information .
Partners Subsidiaries and Affiliates
: We may share your information ( including , without limitation , personally identifiable information ) with our subsidiaries and affiliates .
Business Transfers :
The Site may be sold along with its assets , or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred .
In such a case , your personally identifiable information , which we have gathered , may be one of the business assets we transfer .
Legal Process : In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas , court orders or other legal process your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena , court order or legal process , which may be without notice to you .
Chat Rooms , Forums , and Message Boards
The Site may make chat rooms , forums and message boards available to its users .
While you are required to register with the site for access to these areas , you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so .
If you post personal information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room , forum , or message board .
Also , we can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas .
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy policy applies only to this Site .
When you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control .
For example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement , the " click " may take you off the Site onto a different Web site .
This includes links from advertisers , sponsors and others that may use the Site 's logo as part of a cobranding agreement .
These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
This Site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security , integrity , completeness , accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss , misuse and alteration .
Certain personally identifiable information , such as credit card information , is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software .
Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access .
Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required .
The Site is a general audience site .
We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site .
If in the future , we knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children , we will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( 15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq. )  
including , without limitation , obtaining necessary parental consents .
By using this Site , you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy .
If we decide to change or update this privacy policy , we will post the change or update here .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify you by way of an email or some other means .
Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy .
If your personally identifiable information ( such as your address ) changes , or if you no longer desire to access our Site , you may correct , update or remove the personal data you have provided to us by making changes to your profile , by using an opt out message in an email , or by emailing member Sites at info @ tv.com with your request .
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Site , you can contact : info @
ufc.com Disclaimers ZUFFA DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT , SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED , OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED , OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS .
THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON
AN
AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS .
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE .
ZUFFA CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA
YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES .
ZUFFA DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY , NON-INFRINGEMENT , MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
ZUFFA
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS , OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR
RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY ZUFFA SERVICES .
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES .
YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST ZUFFA FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE
OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT .
THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES .
The above disclaimer applies to any damages , liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance , error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , computer virus , communication line failure , theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to , alteration of , or use , whether for breach of contract , tort , negligence or any other cause of action .
Zuffa reserves the right to do any of the following , at any time , without notice : ( 1 ) to modify , suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site , or any portion of the Site , for any reason ; ( 2 ) to modify or change the Site , or any portion of the Site , and any applicable policies or terms ; and ( 3 ) to interrupt the operation of the Site , or any portion of the Site , as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance , error correction , or other changes .
Limitation of Liability Except where prohibited by law , in no event will Zuffa be liable to you for any indirect , consequential , exemplary , incidental or punitive damages , including lost profits , even if Zuffa has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
If , notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use , Zuffa is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content , Zuffa 's liability shall in no event exceed the greater of ( 1 ) the total of any subscription or similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against Zuffa , or ( 2 ) US$ 100.00 .
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability , so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you .
Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Zuffa , its officers , members , directors , shareholders , predecessors , successors in interest , employees , agents , subsidiaries and affiliates , harmless from any demands , loss , liability , claims or expenses ( including attorneys ' fees ) , made against Zuffa by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site .
Violation of These Terms of Use Zuffa may disclose any information we have about you ( including your identity ) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site , or to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) Zuffa 's rights or property , or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site , including Zuffa 's customers .
Zuffa reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Zuffa deems necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request .
Zuffa also may disclose your information when Zuffa determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure , including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes .
You acknowledge and agree that Zuffa may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Zuffa through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site , and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Zuffa determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( 1 ) comply with legal process , ( 2 ) enforce these Terms of Use , ( 3 ) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others , or ( 4 ) protect the rights , property or personal safety of Zuffa , its employees , users of or visitors to the Site , and the public .
You agree that Zuffa may , in its sole discretion and without prior notice , terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site .
You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice , and will cause irreparable harm to Zuffa , for which monetary damages would be inadequate , and you consent to Zuffa obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Zuffa deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances .
These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Zuffa may have at law or in equity .
You agree that Zuffa may , in its sole discretion and without prior notice , terminate your access to the Site , for cause , which includes ( but is not limited to ) ( 1 ) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies , ( 2 ) a request by you ( self-initiated account deletions ) , ( 3 ) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site , or ( 4 ) unexpected technical issues or problems .
If Zuffa does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use , Zuffa will be entitled to recover from you , and you agree to pay , all reasonable attorneys ' fees and costs of such action , in addition to any other relief granted to Zuffa .
You agree that Zuffa will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use .
Governing Law ; Jurisdiction You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site , including all disputes , will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada , USA .
This Agreement has been delivered at and shall be deemed to have been made and entered into in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Accordingly , the rights and liabilities of the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada , without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws .
The parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for the resolution of any dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement shall lie in the Eighth Judicial District Court for the State of Nevada , sitting in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Each party irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such dispute if served in accordance with the notice provisions contained herein .
Void Where Prohibited Zuffa administers and operates the www.
Zuffa.com Site from its location in Cupertino , California USA ; other Zuffa sites may be administered and operated from various locations outside the United States .
Although the Site is accessible worldwide , not all features , products or services discussed , referenced , provided or offered through or on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations , or appropriate or available for use outside the United States .
Zuffa reserves the right to limit , in its sole discretion , the provision and quantity of any feature , product or service to any person or geographic area .
Any offer for any feature , product or service made on the Site is void where prohibited .
If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States , you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws .
Miscellaneous You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content , or any product or service offered on the Site , in violation of any applicable laws or regulations , including without limitation United States export laws and regulations .
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable , such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use , so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect .
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Zuffa with regard to your use of the Site , and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Zuffa with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled .
Zuffa will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use , and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected .
Zuffa 's failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Zuffa of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use , nor shall any course of conduct between Zuffa and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use .
These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties .
Zuffa provides access to Zuffa international data and , therefore , may contain references or cross references to Zuffa products , programs and services that are not announced in your country .
Such reference does not imply that Zuffa in your country intends to announce such products , programs or services .
Feedback and Information
Any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential .
Zuffa shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis .
The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice .
Copyright 2013 Zuffa LLC .
All rights reserved .
PRIVACY POLICY A .
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service .
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service .
B .
The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information .
Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested .
In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) .
All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your " Registration Information " .
C .
Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device .
The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
D .
If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service .
Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service .
Your decision to use a social-networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information .
A .
We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service ,
and/or Content you have requested .
For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication .
Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs .
B .
Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document .
If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive .
( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) .
If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date .
If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes .
C .
We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services .
And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification .
There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties .
In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies .
We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests .
While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties .
D .
We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters of public interest .
E .
We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process .
F .
In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service .
Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location .
G .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers .
H .
In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets .
I .
We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose .
A .
The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information
and/or devices ( e.g. , " cookies " ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( " Local Device Storage " ) .
We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service .
For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage .
Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies .
B .
If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it .
However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly .
C .
In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the " Tracking Technologies " ) .
We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage .
D .
As discussed below , you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time .
However , we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track ( DNT ) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks , and we do not assign any meaning to potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals .
Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes .
In doing so , these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s )
you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith .
If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide , you may be able to opt-out by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info .
Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction .
Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer .
A .
Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
B .
Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself .
C .
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you .
If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device .
A .
This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community , and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere .
Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service .
B .
If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
C .
If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
If you have any other concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows : Privacy Policy Coordinator American City Business Journals , Inc. 120 W. Morehead St. Charlotte , NC 28202
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) and 8 , you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
If you wish to exercise this right , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties .
Also as discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us , you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator .
Make sure to include enough information for us to help you , including for example your name , contact information , and the specific website , mobile site , application , and/or other service you 're contacting us about .
Note : Only inquiries about this policy or your personal information should be sent to the Privacy Policy Coordinator .
No other communications will be accepted or responded to .
For communications on other matters , please contact us through the means described on the Service , if available ( for example , in the " Contact Us " section ) .
*
*
*
* * * * * * * * * * *  If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service .
Arsenal Broadband Limited ( ABL ) and The Arsenal Football Club PLC ( Arsenal and together with ABL
, we , our or us ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
ABL is a joint venture between Arsenal and Kroenke Sports Enterprises and is a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 4053669 .
Arsenal is a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 109244 .
This document ( the Privacy Policy ) explains our policy regarding any information you might supply to us when you visit our website at www.arsenal.com ( the Website ) or that you provide to ABL or Arsenal via another route .
Our goal is to protect your information .
This Website contains links to other websites , which are provided for your convenience .
We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this Website .
We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit .
The Data Controller ' ( for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the Act ) ) of any personal information that you provide to us through the Website will be ABL unless the relevant page specifically states otherwise , or you provide such information in the context of :  purchasing tickets ( including hospitality ) , Arsenal memberships , Armoury Square stones , tours of Emirates Stadium , seat inscriptions or a subscription to the Arsenal magazine ; booking meeting or events at Emirates Stadium ; Arsenal Pics ; purchasing goods from The Arsenal Direct ; or Arsenal soccer schools , in which case the Data Controller will be Arsenal .
Where you provide personal information via another route to either ABL or Arsenal , the Data Controller of such information will be the company to whom you provide it .
This Privacy Policy uses some words with special meanings .
These words identified in bold .
If you want to know what any words with special meanings mean , simply scroll back till you find the word in bold , where you will also find the relevant explanation .
The information we collect falls into the following categories ( together , the Information ) : a ) Personal information that you provide to us such as your name , address , telephone number , date of birth , credit card number , billing address , email address and details of purchasing preferences ( Personal Information ) , which we use in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
b )
Website Use Information -
the Website utilises a standard technology called cookies and web server logs to collect information about how the Website is used .
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , time spent at the Website , and the websites visited just before and just after the Website ( Website Use Information ) .
For more information on the cookies that we use and their purpose , please see our Cookies Policy .
If you would like further details in respect of the information we collect and hold about you , please contact our Data Protection Officer whose details are set out below .
When you engage in certain activities on the Website or engage with ABL or Arsenal through another route , for example , by registering on the Website or as an Arsenal member , purchasing goods and services or entering competitions , we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form .
It is completely up to you whether you engage in these activities .
If you choose to engage in these activities , however , we may require you to provide us with Information .
In some instances , you may also be asked to provide a credit or debit card number .
We may supplement the Information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations , for example , our commercial partners .
By using the Website , or by engaging with ABL or Arsenal via another route , you indicate your consent to us collecting and using your Information ( that you provide to us when interacting with ABL or Arsenal ) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy , unless you expressly state that such consent is not given .
When you submit Information to us you understand and agree that we and our associated companies ( as defined in bold below ) may record , transfer , store , and process your Information in any of the countries in which we and our subsidiaries or affiliates maintain offices , including without limitation , the United Kingdom .
See also Use of your Information outside the European Union ( Section 6 below ) .
If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use the Website , register or purchase goods and services on the Website , enter competitions , or provide your Information to ABL or Arsenal via any other route .
We take the security of your Information seriously .
We have a committed security policy .
We implement a number of security measures to ensure the safety of any Information in our possession or control .
The Information is contained on a secure server , which is accessible only by a limited number of employees who have limited access rights to such information .
When you submit your credit card details , we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology to guard your Information .
In addition , we have security procedures in place to protect our customer database from loss and misuse , and only allow access to it when absolutely necessary , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the Information contained within it .
We collect your Information to record and support your participation in the activities you select .
We may use Information :  as part of our effort to keep you informed via mail , email , phone or fax about special offers , and other products and services we offer ; for record keeping purposes ; to improve the quality of our service ; for market research ; to measure and improve activity on the Website ; and to understand your preferences so that we can improve the products or services we offer .
We may share and pass your Personal Information ( including details of your purchasing preferences ) with or to our holding companies , subsidiaries or associated companies in which we have an interest including , without limitation , any of our joint venture organisations ( together , our associated companies ) .
We may also pass your Information to other carefully selected partner organisations ( partners ) with whom we have a business relationship , such as :  our sponsors ; financial services partners ; and other organisations whose services we need to use to process and deliver your orders , for credit control and debt collection , to maintain our systems or to comply with legal obligations or a court order .
Each of our associated companies and these partners may keep you informed of services , products , events and special offers made available by that organisation .
If you express an interest in an offer from one of Arsenal 's associated companies or partners , that associated company or partner may let us know .
In all cases , we will take care to ensure that these organisations only process your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy , your preferences and the law .
For a list of our associated companies or partners , please contact our Data Protection Officer whose contact details are listed below .
If you do not wish the Information you provide to us to be shared with other associated companies or such partners , please indicate this preference when you provide the Information to us .
Alternatively please contact our Data Protection Officer .
We may also create an individual profile for you so that we can inform you of services , products , events or special offers that may be of interest to you .
In the event of the sale of the business or the integration of the business with another party , we may disclose your details to advisers or prospective purchasers ' advisers .
We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements , or to protect our rights or property or those of our customers or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Your Information is password-protected to prevent unauthorised access to it .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
Some of the organisations ( including , without limitation , our associated companies and partners ) to which we may disclose your Information are situated outside of the European Union .
In order to provide you with the products and services you require , we may need to transfer your Information to these countries some of which do not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom .
If we do transfer your Information to other territories , we will endeavour to ensure that your Information is properly protected .
We realise and understand that many children will visit the Website , or interact with ABL or Arsenal via another route , but encourage all persons under 13 to consult with their parents or legal guardian before submitting any content or information to ABL or Arsenal .
Parents or legal guardians should , in particular , supervise children when online and recommend that parental control tools be put in place .
Although anyone known to be under the age of 13 may participate in competitions and promotions , notification of a win or prize will be sent directly to the parent or legal guardian identified in the initial registration process .
Any publication of a competition winner 's personal details for visitors known to be under 18 will require parental or legal guardian consent during registration .
We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are , therefore , constantly under review .
From time to time we may change our security and privacy policies .
Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically , or request a copy of the current Privacy Policy from our Data Protection Officer , in order to keep up to date .
You may correct the Information we hold about you by changing your profile preferences online or by contacting the Data Protection Officer ( see contact details below ) .
Please include your name , address , and/or email address when you contact us .
We would encourage you to update your Personal Information promptly if it changes .
You have the right to see details of the information that we hold about you .
We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make .
The current fee is 10.00 .
You may ask us to make any necessary changes to your Personal Information to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date .
If you would like any further information or have any comments about our use of your Information , our Privacy Policy or any aspect of the Website or our service , please contact our Data Protection Officer by any of the methods shown below :
Email : dataprotection @ arsenal.co.uk Post : Data Protection Officer , Arsenal Broadband Limited/The Arsenal Football Club PLC , Highbury House , 75 Drayton Park , London N5
1BU Copyright 2013
The Arsenal Football Club plc .
Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.arsenal.com as the source Privacy Statement RealGM , L.L.C. , which operates the Web site RealGM.com ( " RealGM.com " ) , is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its online visitors .
We are also extremely sensitive to families ' concerns about their children 's personal information and safety .
We want you to know about and understand the measures we have taken to keep RealGM.com a safe and secure environment for everyone .
This privacy statement tells you how and why we collect information from you , and how we use that information .
We encourage our visitors to read through and understand our privacy statement .
We may update it from time to time to address new issues or reflect changes on our site .
Please refer to this privacy statement regularly .
If you have any questions or concerns about the statement , please contact us at Legal @
RealGM.com .
RealGM.com endeavors to provide you quality information that is tailored to your needs .
In order to do that we sometimes need to ask you for information so that we can provide the kind of content you want , when you want it .
We want to customize our site for you so that it meets your needs as fully as possible this includes customizing articles , discussions , banners and more .
We may ask you to register or provide personal information when you visit certain areas of RealGM.com , enter a contest , play games , complete surveys , subscribe to a service or to a newsletter , submit content , or ask us for information .
We consider the following to be personally identifiable information : first and last name , e-mail address , street address , zip code , phone number , and credit card number .
We only collect personally identifiable information from you when you voluntarily submit it .
Providing your personal information to RealGM.com is optional .
If you choose not to register or provide personal information , you can still use our site but you may not have access to certain areas and/or types of information .
Depending on the particular RealGM.com site with which you register , we may ask for your name , age , address and/or zip code , e-mail address , name of school or district , and/or grade level .
If you are under 18 years of age , we will also ask you to provide your parent 's or guardian 's e-mail address .
We may also ask you to choose a user name and password to use when you log in to the site .
We use the personal and demographic information you provide us to tailor the content , services and advertising on RealGM.com to meet your current and future needs .
Use of this data allows us to customize your experience by showing you content according to your preferences .
From time to time , we may share the personal information you provide to us with our agents , third parties who are affiliated with our site , or with carefully selected companies or other parties so you can receive information that we believe may be of interest to you , or so that we may protect the user experience at RealGM.com .
We may also use this information to inform you of product upgrades , special offers , updated information , and/or new services .
We will also use your contact information to ship purchases made at RealGM.com .
Financial information that you share is only used to check your qualifications .
If a user is suspected of violating our Terms of Use , RealGM.com reserves the right to use and/or disclose personal information of a user in order to fully and properly address the violation that has occurred .
If the information provided is from or about an individual under 18 years of age , we will use and/or disclose the information with the utmost sensitivity and care , and in accordance with all applicable federal and state laws .
See below .
RealGM.com gives you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information used for purposes not directly related to your use of the RealGM.com sites .
If you register for any of the RealGM.com programs or services but do not want your data shared with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes , you can opt-out at any time by sending us an e-mail at Webmaster @
RealGM.com .
To help us update your records correctly , please indicate in your e-mail if you are opting out of postal mail , e-mail or telemarketing communication .
Please also provide your registration details including first name , last name , street address , city , state , postal code , and country .
We are working hard to provide you with the best information and the highest quality interaction on the Internet in an environment that is safe .
In compliance with COPPA ( Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ) , we have adopted the following policies to keep kids safe :  1 .
We will NOT knowingly collect , use or distribute personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable consent from a parent or guardian .
2 .
We will NOT knowingly collect , use or distribute personally identifiable information from teens between the ages of 13 and 17 without first notifying a parent or guardian .
3 .
Personally identifiable information we collect from children under the age of 13 will be used solely by RealGM.com or its agents for internal purposes only and will not be sold or otherwise distributed to third parties .
4 .
We will NOT knowingly allow a child under the age of 13 access to chat rooms , message boards , e-mail accounts , or other services within RealGM.com that would allow them to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable consent from a parent or guardian .
5 .
We will NOT knowingly allow a teen between the ages of 13 and 17 access to chat rooms , message boards , e-mail accounts , or other services within RealGM.com that would allow them to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without first notifying a parent or guardian .
6 .
We will NOT knowingly ask a child or teen to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity , game , or service .
7 .
We will NOT knowingly provide any direct link to Web sites that are unsuitable for children or teens .
8 .
RealGM.com will not advertise on any site that does not comply with the regulations set forth under COPPA .
9 .
We will advise children under the age of 13 that they MUST obtain permission from their parent or guardian before sharing ANY personal information .
10 .
Upon request , RealGM.com will provide a parent or guardian with a description of the information that may have been provided about their child or teen during a registration process for a program or service of our site .
RealGM.com only asks for a child 's or teen 's personal information if it is necessary to participate in the program or service .
The site administrator also has access to the registration data but it is only used for site maintenance .
Registration data that is provided about children or teens is not used for marketing and is never shared with any other party .
If you would like to view your child 's registration data , request a change , or request that we delete any of your child 's personal information , please send an e-mail to Legal @
RealGM.com which includes your child 's first and last name , school zip code , and your first and last name .
RealGM.com urges parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses or phone numbers without permission when using the Internet .
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children .
If you have any questions about our Kids ' Privacy Policy please e-mail RealGM.com at Legal @ RealGM.com .
Certain areas and activities within RealGM.com ask visitors under the age of 18 to provide personal information such as their name , date of birth , e-mail address or school name .
We only ask for the information that is necessary to participate in the particular activity .
Before any personally identifiable information is collected , we will do our best to notify the parent or guardian that their child or teen is participating .
Notification will include the exact nature and intended use of the information we are collecting , as well as the opportunity for the parent or guardian to prevent the use of the information and the child 's participation in the activity .
If the child is under 13 years of age we require the parent or guardian to provide verifiable parental consent such as an e-mail to RealGM.com .
If the individual is a teen between the ages of 13 and 17 , RealGM.com will notify the parent or guardian that his or her teen is participating and sharing personal information but we do not require consent .
When verifiable parental consent has not yet been obtained , we will use online contact information ( such as an e-mail address ) only as is appropriate to :  
request the name or online contact information of a parent or guardian for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notification to the parent or guardian ; respond directly to the child 's or teen 's request on a one-time basis ( for example , to provide assistance with a particular study question ) , not using that information to re-contact the child or teen for any other purpose ; respond more than once directly to a specific request from the child ( for example , to satisfy the request for a newsletter subscription ) , not using that information to re-contact the child or teen for any other purpose .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique " cookie " on your browser .
The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry ; you 'll find them used on RealGM.com , as you will at other major sites . "
Cookies " are small text files written to your computer .
They make our site easier for you to use because they save your preferences while you are at our sites ( although we do not save passwords in cookies ) .
Cookies also help us know which areas are your favorites , which need a bit of improvement , and what technologies and Internet services our visitors are using .
Knowing this information helps us continually improve the online experience for our visitors and members .
The non-personally identifiable information we track with cookies is anonymous and is not used to identify , or lead us back to , any particular visitor .
Visitors to RealGM.com may have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences ( most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies ) .
While browsing through RealGM.com , you may get cookies from our advertisers or sponsors .
RealGM.com and its affiliated sites do not control these cookies .
What are IP Addresses ?
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you use the World Wide Web .
Web servers the big computers that " serve up " Web pages automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
RealGM.com collects IP addresses for system administration ; to report aggregate information to our advertisers , sponsors , and partners ; and to audit the use of our site and to ensure compliance with the Terms of Use ( and to address violations of the Terms of Use ) .
When visitors request pages from RealGM.com sites , our servers log the guests ' IP addresses .
We normally do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable .
This means that a visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses ( and other personal information , but only to the extent necessary ) to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or our Terms of Use , or to protect our service , site , customers , or other individuals .
Some features within RealGM.com , such as certain message boards , may display IP addresses along with the message-poster 's visitor name and message .
You should review each feature prior to use and only use those that disclose information
you are comfortable sharing .
RealGM.com uses outside advertising companies to display ads on our site .
These ads may contain cookies .
While cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company , RealGM.com does NOT work with any partners who do not comply with our privacy policy guidelines .
Occasionally , you will find links from RealGM.com to independently owned , controlled , and/or managed sites whose content we believe will be of possible interest and value to our visitors .
Additionally , you 'll see links from advertisers , sponsors , and other partners who may use RealGM.com 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement .
In many cases , these links represent cooperative projects or mutual links established with the organizations connected with these sites .
We do n't control the content of these links .
These other sites may send you their own cookies , collect data , or solicit personal information .
While we identify sponsor and advertiser areas of our site , we do not control these cookies or the content of these third parties .
RealGM.com has partnered with other companies to provide certain services .
In some cases , while you may see RealGM.com 's logo on another company 's site .
RealGM.com does not share any of your personally identifiable information with these partners and they do not share any information back with us .
Once you leave our servers ( you can generally tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , the use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from that site 's Home page , you should contact the site directly for more information .
We specifically recommend that children check with their parents or teachers before clicking on to any new sites .
RealGM.com makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and other groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information .
Consequently , you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
To the extent that portions of RealGM.com , such as chat rooms or bulletin boards , provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information , ideas and opinions ( " Postings " ) , BE ADVISED THAT REALGM.COM MAY NOT SCREEN , EDIT , OR REVIEW POSTINGS
PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON REALGM.COM , and Postings do not necessarily reflect the views of RealGM.com .
RealGM.com reserves the right to monitor all Postings and to remove any which it considers offensive or otherwise in violation of our legal Terms and Conditions .
Please read these Terms of Use according to which RealGM.com will in no way be responsible or liable for the Postings .
Here are more legal notices regarding Postings : You must have all necessary rights in and to all Postings you provide and all material they contain ; your Postings must not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties ; your Postings must not contain any viruses or other contaminating or destructive devices or features ; your Postings must not contain any defamatory , indecent , offensive , tortuous , or otherwise unlawful material or content ; and your Postings must not be used to carry out or solicit any unlawful activity and/or be used to make commercial solicitations .
Also , you authorize RealGM.com to use and/or authorize others to use all or part of your Postings in any manner , format , or medium that RealGM.com or such other parties see fit ; and you shall have no claim or other recourse against RealGM.com for infringement of any proprietary right in Postings .
Violating these terms will subject the user to investigation and enforcement to ensure compliance ; personal information may be used and/or disclosed by RealGM.com in this process , to the extent necessary to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience at RealGM.com .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of RealGM.com , or your dealings with RealGM.com , please e-mail us at Legal @
RealGM.com .
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the MyFantasyLeague.com website .
On some pages , you can order products , make requests , and register to receive materials .
The types of personal information collected at these pages are : Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information
On your league page , you may voluntarily enter contact information that makes it easier for league members to contact you , including : Name Email address Phone numbers ( daytime , evening , fax , cell ) Personal web site URL Instant messaging IDs
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order .
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order .
We do not , in any manner , use the information voluntarily entered on your league page .
It is important to realize that anyone ( not just your league members ) may view your personal ( non-MFL ) web site if defined , but the contact information you enter on your league page is only seen by league members while they are logged in .
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive .
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties .
Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows an error .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please fill out our support form .
1 .
This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how 101 Great Goals processes information about you both directly and indirectly .
Please read this Privacy and Cookie Policy in conjunction with the terms & conditions of the particular service or services you are using .
2 .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to 101 Great Goals and any websites hosted by or on behalf of 101 Great Goals , but not to other companies ' or organizations ' websites to which we link and who operate their own privacy policy .
3 .
Personal Data is any data that identifies you .
You agree that the Personal Data which you supply to us will be true , complete and accurate in all respects and you agree to notify us immediately of any changes to that .
We will deal with your Personal Data in compliance with the current US data protection legislation .
4 .
101 Great Goals or its Group companies or selected third parties will use your Personal Data which you provide to us together with other information we collect for providing the 101 Great Goals services to you , administration , marketing , research , analytics , Customer Services , tracking your device and web use preferences , and profiling your purchasing preferences .
We may disclose your information to our service providers and agents to help us with these purposes , in accordance with US data protection legislation .
5 .
We may use your Personal Data to personalize your visits to our websites and recommend goods or services to you .
We may also use the information to help us develop our offers and the layout of our websites to ensure that our services are as useful and enjoyable as possible .
We may then ( except to the extent that you have directed us not to ) use this Personal Data for providing you with information about goods , services or promotions that may be of interest to you .
Please call Customer Services on +1-781-431-6027 if you do not wish to receive such information from us as set out in this paragraph 5 . 6 .
We may also use your Personal Data to contact you in order to conduct market research e.g. surveying needs and opinions on issues such as our performance .
Any information that we collect from you in the course of such market research will be used to produce aggregate statistics about our sales , customers , traffic patterns and other site information , but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you .
7 .
The periods we keep your Personal Data can vary according to the purposes for which it is being used .
Unless there is a specific legal requirement to keep your Personal Data we will not keep it for longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected or for which it is to be further processed .
8 .
By using our services you consent to us processing your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy and transferring your information to countries which do not provide the same level of data protection as the US if necessary for providing you services you require .
If we do make such a transfer , we will put a contract in place to ensure your information is protected .
9 .
Unfortunately the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site , and transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access .
10 .
By using our services you consent to us sharing your information with other companies who are our business partners .
They or we may contact you by mail , telephone , electronic messaging services , fax or email to let you know about any goods , services or promotions which may be of interest to you .
Please contact Customer Services on +1 781 431-6027 , if you do not wish to receive such information from us as set out in this paragraph 10 , or if you do not wish to receive information from our business partners , but remember that this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions or those of our business partners .
11 .
If you have any questions about the handling or protection of your Personal Data or your rights under this Privacy and Cookie Policy please contact Customer Services by calling +1 781-431-6027 from any phone .
12 .
You have a right to ask for a copy of your information ( for which we charge a small fee ) and to correct any inaccuracies .
13 .
When you give us information about another person you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them , to consent to the processing of their personal data in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy , and to the transfer of their information abroad and to receive on their behalf any data protection notices .
14 .
101 Great Goals may disclose your Personal Data acting reasonably if it believes such action is necessary : to conform with a legal requirement or comply with the legal process , protect and defend the rights or property of 101 Great Goals , enforce this Privacy and Cookie Policy , or to protect the interests of its users .
15 .
Any changes we make to our Privacy and Cookie Policy in the future will be posted on this page and , where appropriate notified to you by SMS or e-mail .
A cookie is a small , unique text file that is saved on your hard disk by a website .
The cookie is used by the web site to identify your computer whenever you visit that website .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies can only be read by a web server from the same domain ( e.g. 101 Great Goals ) that saved the cookie on your computer .
101 Great Goals and/or our third party advertisers may use cookies and Web beacons ( also known as pixel tags ' ) to help you save time , track your usage patterns and provide you with a more personalised service on our web site .
The main purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific Web page .
For example , if you personalise Web pages , or register for products or services , a cookie helps our Web page server to recall your specific information .
When you next visit the 101 Great Goals web site , the information you previously provided can be retrieved , so you can easily use the website features that you previously chose .
Even if you use more than one computer on a regular basis , we can link cookies together so you will still receive a personalised online experience .
101 Great Goals can also personalize the information you see based on what we already know about you , so that you spend less time looking for things .
So , instead of one site for all 101 Great Goals customers , each 101 Great Goals user can have a site which is unique to them .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
101 Great Goals uses cookies provided by third-party technology such as DoubleClick to collect data about the websites that you visit .
We will use the data that we collect through our use of these cookies to ensure that you see relevant and useful adverts when you visit our websites .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you want to disable cookies , find out which browser you are using and follow the instructions below .
Unfortunately , if you choose to decline cookies , some of the interactive features of the 101 Great Goals websites may not be available to you .
We advise regular users of 101 Great Goals websites to accept cookies from 101 Great Goals .
101 Great Goals is committed to protecting your privacy and only uses cookies to improve our service to you , for example , by offering tailored information based on your interests .
The usage patterns tracked by cookies remain confidential .
101 Great Goals does not share or sell any cookie-generated information .
Please note that our advertisers or websites to which 101 Great Goals links may also use cookies , over which we have no control .
Information on changing the level of cookie security and disabling cookies 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar then
Internet Options ' 2 .
Click on the Privacy ' tab 3 .
Choose the level of cookie security you want , ranging from Block All Cookies , High , Medium High , Medium ( default level ) , Low and Accept All Cookies For more detailed information on these options under Internet Explorer 6 , please click on the link below .
http : //support.microsoft.com/support/kb/articles/
Q283/1/85.ASP Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar then Internet Options ' 2 . Change to the Security ' tab and click Custom Level ' 3 .
Scroll down to the Cookies ' section and set Disable ' 4 .
Click OK ' 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Options ' 2 .
Click on the Privacy ' panel 3 .
Under the Cookies ' section uncheck the Accept cookies from sites ' option 4 .
Click
OK ' Firefox 1.0 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Options ' 2 .
Click on the Privacy ' panel and then click on Cookies ' 4.3 .
Uncheck the Allow sites to set cookies ' option Click OK ' 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Preferences ' 2 .
Click on the Advanced ' panel and then Cookies ' 3 .
Click on Never accept cookies ' 4 .
Click on OK ' 1 .
Click on the Tools button from the main task bar and then Preferences ' 2 .
Click on the Security ' panel 3 .
Under the Accept Cookies ' section click on Never ' 4 .
Click on the X in the top right corner to close box 1 .
Click on the Spanner icon and select Options ' from the drop down list 2 .
Select the Under the Hood ' tab 3 .
Change the cookie setting to Block all cookies ' 4 .
Click on the Close ' button 1 .
Launch the mobile browser 2 .
Select Options or Settings ' 3 .
Click on the Cookie ' ( or click on privacy then cookies ) 4 .
Choose the level of Cookie security you want , ranging from Accept all , Reject all or Prompt ( or on/off ) DoubleClick Cookies 1 .
Go to http : //www.doubleclick.com
/privacy/
index.aspx 2 .
Click on the AD COOKIE OPT-OUT link 3 .
Ensure you see a Opt-out completed successfully message
Last Updated 25 October 2010
Last Updated
: May 7 , 2006 Yardbarker is a social media network for sports fans .
The site lets people discover relevant sports content submitted by other community members .
To accomplish this , our users create their own profiles , which display some personal information to other members and visitors .
This allows our users to identify each other and expand their personal network of contacts .
Yardbarker members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them .
Yardbarker cares deeply about online privacy .
If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy , please email us at info @
yardbarker.com .
Yardbarker collects user submitted information such as name , email address , and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Yardbarker service .
Yardbarker also collects other profile data including but not limited to : personal interests , gender , age , and geographical location in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other .
Yardbarker also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address , profile information , aggregate user data , cookie information , and browser type , from users and visitors to the site .
This data is used to manage the website , track usage and improve the website services .
This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members .
User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes User Profile information including members ' pictures , user names , and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Yardbarker social networking community .
Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Yardbarker , to add users to members ' contacts networks , and to send notifications related to the service .
With the exception of inviting friends , adding friends , and notifications , a user 's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user 's personal network .
Users within a personal network communicate on Yardbarker with each other through the Yardbarker service , without disclosing their email addresses .
Users ' full names are never directly revealed to other members .
We may also use a user 's email address to send updates , a newsletter , or news regarding the service , though users may choose not to receive email of this type .
From time to time , Yardbarker or a partner , may sponsor a promotion , sweepstake or contest on Yardbarker .
Users may be asked to provide personal information including name , email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate .
We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from .
It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply .
Yardbarker members can invite friends to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system .
Yardbarker stores the email addresses that members provide so that the respondents may be added to the friend 's list of the member sending the invitations , and also to send reminders of the invitations .
Yardbarker does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations , invitation reminders ( up to three ( 3 ) per email address ) .
Recipients of invitations from Yardbarker may contact Yardbarker to request the removal of their information from our database .
You may prevent Yardbarker email invitations and other messages from being sent to any email address you control by sending a single email with the subject " BLOCK INVITE " to info @ yardbarker.com .
Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block .
Yardbarker uses cookies to store visitors ' preferences and to record session information , for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same promotions and advertisements , and to customize newsletter , advertising , and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however , you must enable cookies from Yardbarker in order to use most functions on the site .
Yardbarker contains links to sites .
Yardbarker is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites .
When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site .
Our privacy policy only governs information collected on Yardbarker .
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals , WebLogs , Message Boards , Classifieds or any other Public Forum that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications .
Yardbarker users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info .
Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by Yardbarker or one of our Web advertising partners .
Our Web advertising partners may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement .
In this way , ad servers may compile information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on .
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Yardbarker and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
If you 'd like to opt out of any data collection in regards to our advertisements , please go here : http : //www.networkadvertising.org Yardbarker member accounts are secured by member-created passwords .
Yardbarker takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private .
We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database , and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions , such as our customer service personnel and technical staff .
Please note that we can not guarantee the security of member account information .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time .
For any additional information about the security measures we use on Yardbarker , please contact us at info @ yardbarker.com .
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Yardbarker will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary : ( 1 ) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena , search warrant or other legal process received by Yardbarker , whether or not a response is required by applicable law ; ( 2 ) to enforce the Yardbarker Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights ; or ( 3 ) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service .
For more information see the " Changes in Our Privacy Policy " section below .
In the event that Yardbarker is acquired by or merged with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control .
In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred , or used .
Yardbarker is hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States .
If you are a User accessing Yardbarker from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure , that differ from United States laws , please be advised that through your continued use of Yardbarker , which are governed by U.S. law , this Privacy Notice , and our Terms of Use , you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer .
From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes , we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and when we may disclose it .
A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If , however , we are going to use users ' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , please contact us at : info @
yardbarker.com ( 625 2nd Street , 4th Floor , San Francisco CA 94107 ) .
Manchester United is a group of companies which includes Manchester United Limited , Manchester United Football Club Ltd and Manchester United Interactive Ltd ( together " MU " , " we " and " us " ) .
For a full list of companies in the Manchester United Group please click here .
MU takes the privacy of all its fans , customers and website users very seriously and takes great care to protect your information .
This privacy policy explains what information we collect about you , how we may use it , and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure .
We also explain your rights and how to contact us .
Please note , this website contains links to other websites which are provided for your convenience .
We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this site .
We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit .
By using this website and giving your information to us , you indicate your consent to us and our commercial partners collecting and using your personal information in accordance with the terms set out in this policy .
In order to provide you with services , we may collect personal information about you from our website , telephone conversations , emails and written and verbal communications .
We may , for example , keep a record of your name , address , delivery address , email address , telephone number and credit card details .
We may also record details of any disability or health needs you may have at the time of booking an event or service which will take place at the stadium or any of our other premises to help to ensure your safety .
We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations , for example , our commercial partners .
All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded , used , and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy .
We will primarily use your personal information to provide our products and services to you and , for example :  - to administer and provide products and services you request - to communicate with you in the event that any products or services you have requested are unavailable - for fraud screening and prevention purposes ( see below for further details ) - for record keeping purposes - to carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer - to track activity on our website - to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences and to calculate the level of any loyalty reward due to you
In order to provide our products and services to you , we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf .
These will include , for example , delivery organisations , fraud screening companies ( see below ) and mailing houses .
In these circumstances , we will ensure that your information is properly protected .
In order to combat credit and debit card ( payment card ) fraud , MU uses 3rd Man Limited to provide payment card fraud screening services .
In order to do this , MU provide 3rd Man with details of all transactions where made using a payment card .
This information includes :  - name , address and contact details of the purchaser ; - details of products/services purchased ; and - financial/payment details ( including credit card details ) .
3rd Man will then analyse and ( if applicable ) match this data with details of other transactions provided to it by other retailers/service providers in order to assess if there is a fraud risk associated with the purchase .
On completion of this analysis , 3rd Man will provide MU with a risk assessment for that particular purchase and we may cancel any transaction if we reasonably consider that it presents a fraud risk to MU .
In such circumstances , MU will act in good faith in attempting to contact any purchaser of goods or services to allow them the opportunity to pay using cleared funds .
If you have any further queries as to the details of this service , please contact us at the address set out below .
Please note that while the information disclosed to 3rd Man and the results of any assessment will not be directly disclosed to any other third party , they may be used by 3rd Man to make risk assessments on behalf of other customers .
Where we do provide 3rd Man with this information we will ensure that your information is properly protected .
Manchester United teams up with a selection of carefully chosen commercial partners , an up-to-date list of our partners is available by clicking here or from the address below .
Our commercial partner programme is designed to support the Club and also to bring customers , fans and website users a diverse range of MU associated and MU branded offers ( such as MU Finance offers ) at competitive prices .
MU and/or these commercial partners would like to contact you to tell you more about the offers available to you and about a range of other MU initiatives in a number of ways , including by post , telephone , text/picture/video message , digital television , fax or by email .
If you express an interest in an offer from one of our commercial partners , that partner may let us know .
This enables us to take your views and interests into account when choosing our commercial partners and developing the programme .
Please be assured , you are under no obligation to buy anything or to participate in any MU initiatives , however , if you prefer not to be contacted either by us or any of our commercial partners , you can opt out by clicking the relevant boxes on the screen upon which you provide information or by writing to us by mail or email ( see the section " How to contact us " below ) .
You can change your mind at any time .
Please note , if you do opt out of receiving information , we and/or our commercial partners will be unable to keep you informed of new services , products , events or special offers that may interest you and our ability to inform you of ticketing opportunities may be affected .
Some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information are situated outside of the European Union .
In order to provide you with the products and services you require , we may need to transfer your personal information to these countries some of which do not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom .
If we do transfer your personal information to other territories , we will take proper steps to ensure that your information is protected in accordance with this privacy policy .
In common with many other website operators , we may use standard technology called ' cookies ' on this site .
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit .
For further , more detailed information on how we use cookies , please refer to our Cookie Policy .
We take the security of your personal information seriously .
When you submit your credit card details to us , we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology to guard your information .
In addition , we have security procedures in place to protect our paper based systems and computerised databases from loss and misuse , and only allow access to them when it is absolutely necessary to do so , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the personal information contained within them .
We may monitor or record telephone calls for security purposes and to improve the quality of services that we provide to you .
We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are , therefore , constantly under review .
From time to time we may change our security and privacy policies .
Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies .
You may correct your personal information by emailing us at privacy @ manutd.co.uk or by changing your profile on our website .
Please include your name , address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person .
We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes .
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you .
We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make .
The current fee is 10.00 .
Telephone +44 ( 0 )
161-868-8000 Email privacy @ manutd.co.uk Mail Data Protection Officer , Manchester United Limited , Sir Matt Busby Way , Old Trafford , Manchester , M16 0RA
Fax +44 ( 0 )
161-868-8818
The Active Network , Inc. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries ( collectively , ACTIVE , us , we or our ) value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information .
ACTIVE is a leading provider of Activity and Participant Management solutions .
Our flagship technology platform , ACTIVEWorks , transforms the way organizers manage their activities and events by automating online registrations and streamlining other critical management functions , while also driving consumer participation to their events .
Our websites include online communities for people who want to discover , participate in , and share activities about which they are passionate .
Using our services , you 'll be able to learn about upcoming events , and , in some circumstances , to register for those events and tell your friends about the events .
Our services may also be used by organizations to provide you the ability to take certain actions .
For example , we may create or host websites and mobile applications on the behalf of others that allow you to , among other things , register for a class or conference , make campsite reservations , purchase hunting or fishing licenses , or pay a parking ticket .
We also offer mobile applications that provide information about events in your area , permit you to register for races , make camping reservations , book tee times , create and download training programs , and enjoy many of the benefits of our websites , in addition to other services ( collectively , Applications ) .
In general , our Applications operate on an open network ; that means that any information that you post to these Applications may be available to other users of the same application , and , in some instances , on our websites .
In this Privacy Policy ( Policy ) , we describe the information that we collect from visitors to and users of our websites ( Sites ) , our blogs , our Applications , and our online products and services ( collectively , Services ) .
By visiting our Sites or using any of our Services , you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy , which is incorporated by reference into the ACTIVE Terms of Service , available at http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/terms-of-use .
ACTIVE has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy and Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Web Privacy , COPPA , and TRUSTed Cloud program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe programs do not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
The TRUSTe Privacy Seal covers only information that is collected through the following ACTIVE websites : Active.com , Activeglobal.com , Thriva.com , Trainer.active.com , eTeamz.com , Activegiving.com , Campregister.com , Fellowshipone.com , Regonline.com , Starcite.com and Reserveamerica.com .
The TRUSTe programs do not cover information that may be collected through the Applications or mobile devices .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @
activenetwork.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The information we collect from you allows you to log into our Sites ; use our Services and Applications ; and register for and/or set up registration for you or your organization 's own customers for events , contests , camps , licenses , classes , tickets , facility/equipment use , transactions , sales , memberships , reservations , donations and/or activities ( collectively , Events ) .
We also collect information from businesses , organizations , and individuals who request information from ACTIVE .
Individuals and agents of individuals may provide us information directly or indirectly by registering for an Event or by otherwise using our Services ( these individuals are referred to as Consumers ) .
For example , you may enter your information in order to register for an Event , or someone who has organized a team may enter your information on your behalf to register your entire team .
In addition , individuals or organizations can use our Services to set up Events for Consumers ( those who use our Services to provide a service to Consumers are referred to as Clients ) .
Relatedly , our Clients ( including agents of our Clients ) may provide us personal information about individuals who have registered for an Event being operated by our Client or who the Client wants us to contact or otherwise provide Services to on behalf of the Client .
Information We Collect Directly
From You .
Account Information for our Sites .
You may browse our Sites without creating an online account or providing us with your information , but to use certain features or to register for an Event , you may need to create an account or otherwise provide us with information .
When you create an account with us or register for an Event , we may ask you to provide the following :  Your first and last name ; Your email address and your desired password ; Your display name ( this is the name other people will see when you post items to one of our Sites or engage in other similar activities on our site ) ; Your date of birth ; Your subscription preferences ( whether and what types of information you would like us to send you ) Information about your activities and interests ; Other profile data , such as contact information , occupation , gender and photo ; Your physical activities or similar health related information ( how long you exercised , caloric intake or weight lost ) ; The contact of information of a friend ( when inviting them to visit the Site ) ; Payment information , such as credit card or financial account numbers ( if applicable ) .
Log in Information for our Sites .
Once you have signed up for a particular ACTIVE Site , on subsequent visits to the same Site , you may simply need to enter your user ID or email address ( as applicable ) and password to gain access to the Site ; however , for certain Sites , your login credentials will only gain you access to Events held by the particular Client with whom you originally registered .
In some cases , you may be able to use your log in credentials to access multiple ACTIVE Sites .
Log in and Location Information for our Mobile Applications .
When you first visit any of our Applications , you may have the option of creating a user ID and password for subsequent visits .
When you log into certain of our Applications , we will request your permission to obtain your current location ( so-called geolocation information ) so that we can identify Events near you or to provide other location-related services .
In the settings function on your phone , you will have the ability to manually permit or preclude us from recording your geolocation information for certain Applications or features of Applications , for example , so that we can track your running route , point you to an open ski slope , or help you to find a campground .
Events and Training Information .
As a registered user of our Sites , you may be able to post information about upcoming Events .
We may collect information from you if you choose to register for an Event or record your training activity .
For some Events , you may register directly on our Sites and through our Applications ; for other Events , we may provide a link that directs you to the sponsor or holder of the Event .
The information that we collect about you may vary based on the Event , but generally includes the same type of information that you would include when creating an account with us .
In addition , if the Event is a race or timed event , we may collect information related to tracking your performance ( e.g. , data collected by a race chip ID ) .
If there is a charge to enter the Event , we may collect your credit card billing information , including your credit card number , expiration date , billing and shipping address , and other information necessary to process your payment .
Church Management Systems .
With respect to our church management Services , when you attend a class , give to the church , request assistance , or your children are cared for , we may request additional information about you , however , you can choose not to provide us with such information .
For example , Salvation date , Baptism date , and/or church membership/leadership classes attendance may be requested .
As well , your testimony will be captured if you provide it .
This information will be used solely in ways to understand on how to best meet you and your family 's spiritual needs .
Please see Charitable Events/Fundraising for our policy concerning charitable contributions to the church using Online Giving .
Charitable Events/Fundraising .
You may create a page on certain of our Sites to collect donations for ( i ) your participation in a charity event ( e.g. , you want to raise money for running in a marathon ) , ( ii ) a particular charity , or ( iii ) for other purposes .
We may collect information from you surrounding the charitable event or your request for donations .
In addition , if you donate to a particular Event/cause , we may collect your name , contact information , and credit card information .
Contests , Surveys and Questionnaires .
When you sign up for sweepstakes or contests , or complete questionnaires or surveys , we collect the information you submit to us .
We use this information to administer the sweepstakes , contest or survey , to analyze the results , for research purposes , to send you other information or offers
we think may be of interest to you , to comply with legal requirements , and for other purposes as discussed in this Policy .
Licenses , Reservations , Permits , and Fines .
When you purchase hunting or fishing licenses , camping permits , or submit payment for fines , we may require additional information about you in order to complete your request .
For example , we may need your driver 's license number , social security number , or visa or passport number in order to verify your identity and process your request .
In addition , we might collect public agency reservation information ( e.g. , information about your planned visit to a specific government agency-operated or government agency-administered campground or park , such as dates of stay or number of occupants , other than personal information ) .
This information is used only as necessary in order to help complete your transaction .
Golf Tee Times .
When you purchase or make a golf tee time reservation , you may be required to provide your name , your phone number , and you may be required to provide a credit card number to hold or process your reservation .
Suppliers of Services to Corporate Clients for Meeting Management .
ACTIVE provides access to its Services via Sites to suppliers of services to corporate Clients ( Suppliers ) .
These Suppliers include hotels , convention and visitors bureaus , and destination management companies .
Individuals and companies ( Buyers ) use ACTIVE 's technology via Sites on behalf of corporate Clients to manage meetings , and to purchase services for these meetings and events from Suppliers .
Attendees use the Services when invited by a corporate Client to attend a meeting .
They do so by viewing a Site that contains questions created by the corporate Client .
By responding to these questions , the attendee gives the corporate client information about the attendee and the attendee 's plans for attending that specific meeting .
RFPs .
When a Client submits a request for proposal ( RFP ) to a property or service provider listed through our Services , we will contact the applicable property or service provider and disclose information necessary to submit the RFP , which may contain personal information .
The property or service provider will not have access to the Client 's address book or information collected through the Service .
User Profiles , Comments and Posts .
Some of our Sites and Applications allow users to create or post content , such as comments , profiles , blogs and messages .
If you provide content to our Sites , we may collect and use that information as described in this Policy .
Please note that such information may be viewed , collected or used by other registered users and public visitors to our Sites .
Once posted , we can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy , the law or your personal privacy .
Your profile , however , may offer privacy settings within your account to help you manage how your content is displayed .
Job Site References .
As part of applying for employment with ACTIVE , we may ask you for information such as details regarding your education , employment history , qualifications , and the contact information of a former colleague 's name .
This information is used for job reference purposes only and is not used for any other purpose .
Information We Collect from Facebook .
We may provide you with the opportunity to connect via Facebook , through our Sites or Applications .
For example , you can indicate that you are going to participate in an Event and invite your Facebook friends to join that Event .
If you log into Facebook through our Sites or Applications , we will request permission to ( i ) access your basic information , which includes your name , profile picture , gender , networks , Facebook user ID , list of friends and any other information that you have made public on Facebook ; and ( ii ) manage your participation in Events ( so that ACTIVE may RSVP on your behalf ) .
For information about how Facebook may disclose your information , including any information you make public , please consult the Facebook Data Use Policy .
We have no control over how Facebook uses or discloses the personal information you provide to it .
We store the information that we receive from Facebook along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you .
Information We Collect About You From Third Parties .
We also may collect information , including personally identifiable information , about you from our affiliates and non-affiliated third parties .
For example , if you register for a race by clicking through our Sites , the sponsor of the race may provide us with your name and contact information ; and , when the race is over , we also may obtain your race time .
Information We Collect Automatically .
We may use cookies , web beacons , and other automated devices to collect information , including personally identifiable information , about you when you visit our Sites and receive emails from us .
Specifically , we may collect the following information about your use of our Sites via these technologies : your browser type and operating system ; web pages you view ; links you click ; your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; your approximate geographic location ; your interaction with the Sites ; length of time you are logged in to our Sites ; and websites visited before or after our Sites .
In some of our email messages , we use a click-through URL linked to content on the ACTIVE website .
When Customers click one of these URLs , they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our Site .
We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications .
If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages .
We also collect non-personal data ( including , without limitation , of the type set forth above ) from third parties .
The information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information we collect .
This information also may be associated with your username and combined with other information , including personally identifiable information that we collect about you .
For more detailed information on our use of cookies and other tracking technologies , please see our cookie policy here : http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/cookie-policy.htm .
We may use the information that we gather about you for the following purposes : To provide our Services to you , to communicate with you about your use of our Services and for other customer service purposes ; To provide information that you have requested to receive from us in response to your opt-in requests ; To provide our Services at the request of our Clients ; To administer Events ; To provide and post results of Events ; To improve our Sites and Services by providing personalized experiences , location customization , personalized help , and instructions ; For marketing and advertising purposes ; for example , we may use your information to display targeted advertisements to you on our Sites and to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites ; To send you email , follow-up questions about your Event or your participation in an Event , news and newsletters , promotions , and/or invitations to visit the Site ; To better understand how users access and use our Sites and Services , both on an aggregated and individualized basis , and for other research purposes .
Clients should note that we may use information we receive or collect regarding Consumers ( including without limitation via an Event registration page ) in accordance with the terms of this Policy , including in the manner set forth above .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , in certain contexts , we collect information on behalf of our Clients subject to contractual requirements that limit our ability to use and transfer your information in ways that are more narrow than those in this Policy ( e.g. , the information be only used as necessary to provide Services to the Client and/or for other specified purposes ) .
In those limited circumstances , your information is subject to those contractual requirements and not to this Policy , subject to enforcement by the applicable Client .
If your information is collected on behalf of a third party , it will be evident at the time that you provide such information .
This Policy does not cover our Clients ' use of your information outside of our Services .
You should contact that party directly to determine if your information is subject to such limitations on uses and to ascertain how the third party will make use of your information .
Third Parties .
We may share your information , including personally identifiable information , with non-affiliated and affiliated third parties .
Affiliates .
We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries ; however , if we do so , their use and disclosure of your information will be subject to this Policy .
Event Sponsors or Partners .
If you are using our Services to register for an Event or to purchase a third party product or service , ACTIVE shares the personal information that you provide with the applicable third parties in order to fulfill your request .
You may receive communications , correspondence , emails , or direct mail from these entities ; each such party operates independently from ACTIVE and is not subject to this Policy but is subject to its own privacy policy .
In some instances , we allow Clients to use our email system to contact Consumers for their current and past Events , so you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Clients .
Please refer to that party 's privacy policy if you have any questions about its use of your information .
Service Providers .
We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors , service providers , contractors , or agents who perform functions on our behalf .
For example , these providers may help us administer our Sites and Applications manage and administer Events , or process credit card payments .
These third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of or information and may be located wherever ACTIVE operates .
Where required by law , these companies agree to only use such information for the purposes for which they have been engaged by us unless you expressly permit them to use your information for other purposes .
Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties .
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to non-affiliated third parties ( with your consent if consent is required by law ) , such as promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Those third parties may use your information for marketing purposes , such as to market products and services that they believe would be of interest to you .
We also may combine the information that we collect about you with other information that we obtain from third parties .
This information may help us to determine what advertisements to direct to you , to place on our website , and where to advertise our Services .
As discussed in the advertising section below , you have the ability to opt out of certain uses of your information .
You also have the ability to opt in to receiving certain information from us and non-affiliated third parties .
Supplemental Service Partners .
By purchasing , making reservations or registering for , products or services offered by third parties as a result of your interaction with the Services or use of the Sites ( such as magazine subscriptions , hotel bookings , or cruises ) , electing to receive communications ( such as emails ) or electing to participate in contests , sweepstakes , or other programs ( such as discount or rewards programs ) , offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site , you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties , and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions .
Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them .
Additionally , you agree that we will have the right to use and disclose all such information submitted by you to such third parties in the same manner in which we have the right to use and disclose all other information submitted by you directly to us .
Strategic Partners .
ACTIVE has integration relationships with third-party companies and individuals ( " Partners " ) .
These relationships extend the functionality of the Services and the Partner 's application or service ( " Integrated Service " ) by allowing the Services and the Integrated Service to exchange customer data and to establish linked business processes between the two .
Customers who pay ACTIVE for use of the Services and use this Integrated Service are considered customers of both ACTIVE and the Partner .
ACTIVE and the Partner may share customer contact , account , financial and billing information , and business data with respect to their integrated business relationship with the Customer .
The sharing of this information allows ACTIVE and the Partner to establish the identity of the shared customer and determine referral fees owed .
This sharing also allows the Partner to provide consolidated billing services to the shared Customer and allows for the enhanced functionality of the Integrated Service .
Information shared for these purposes is governed by this Policy .
Affiliate and Referral Partners .
ACTIVE has referral relationships with third-party companies and individuals ( " Referral Partners " ) who refer their customers to ACTIVE .
ACTIVE and a Referral Partner may share certain information with respect to a customer that is referred by ACTIVE or a Referral Partner to allow ACTIVE and the Referral Partner to establish the identity of the shared customer and determine referral fees owed .
Corporate Clients and Suppliers .
By providing your personal information to ACTIVE for use by a corporate Client or a Supplier ( e.g. , to make reservations with a particular hotel ) you consent to ACTIVE providing a copy of your personal information to that corporate client or Supplier for collection , processing , and any further transfer in accordance with the privacy policy ( if any ) of that corporate client or supplier .
ACTIVE is not responsible for any actions of its corporate Clients or Suppliers .
Government Clients .
By making reservations on the Sites for campgrounds or using other services provided by government entities , you consent to us sharing your personal information and public agency reservation information with the government agencies and other third parties associated with the registration or reservation you are making or service you are using ( " Government Agency Partners " ) .
Government Agency Partners may use your personal information and public agency reservation information in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You will need to contact those Government Agency Partners who contact you to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information and public agency reservation information by them .
We also may share your information for the following reasons :  Business Transfers .
If we are acquired by or merged with another company , if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company , or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding , we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company .
You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquiror of ACTIVE will continue to have the right to use your information in accordance with the terms of this Policy .
In Response to Legal Process .
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law , a judicial proceeding , court order or other legal process , such as in response to a subpoena .
To Protect ACTIVE and Others .
We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy .
Aggregate and Anonymized Information .
We may share aggregate or anonymized information about Customers with third parties for marketing , advertising , research or similar purposes .
For example , if we display advertisements on behalf of a third party , we may share aggregate , demographic information with that third party about the Customers to whom we displayed the advertisements .
Third Party Applications .
Third party applications , such as the Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , or Google buttons , may be available on our Sites .
The owners or providers of those third party applications may collect personally identifiable information from you .
Their collection of information is bound by their own information collection policies and practices .
Your interactions with third party applications on our Sites may be shared with others within your social network .
We are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by third parties .
Network Advertisers .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Sites and other websites you have visited .
This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
These third party services may use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( including clear GIFs ) , Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you .
These third party technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
We may provide these third parties with information , including both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information , about your usage of our Sites and our Services .
For more detailed information on the use of third party technologies and how to opt out of receiving targeted advertisements , please see our cookie policy : http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/cookie-policy.htm .
Third Party Links .
At times , our Sites and Applications may contain links to other third party websites .
Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy , but , instead , is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites , and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites .
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions , including , where appropriate , password protection , encryption , and secure socket layering to protect our Sites and the information we collect from loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
Please be aware that despite our best efforts , no data security measures can guarantee 100 % security all of the time .
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any of your personal information via the Internet .
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password , computer , and web-enabled devices , among other things , by signing off after using a shared computer , inserting a password on your web-enabled device , choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess , keeping your password private , and periodically changing your password .
You should never share your log-in information with others .
We are not responsible for any lost , stolen or compromised passwords , or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity .
More information on ACTIVE 's security can be found at : http : //www.activenetwork.com/security.htm .
If your personal information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update , delete/remove , or ask to have it removed from a public forum or testimonial by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us via one of the methods listed in this Policy .
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
Please note that copies of information that you have updated , modified , or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time .
Also , you may not be able to remove your personal information from archived web pages that we no longer maintain , such as your name and race time from a past Event .
In the event we are unable to complete your access request , we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , are extremely impractical , or for which access is not otherwise required by local law .
If your information has been shared with a third party , as described above , or collected on behalf of a Client , then that third party has received their own copy of your data .
If you have been contacted by one of these third parties , or one of our Clients , and wish to correct or request they delete your information , please contact them directly .
ACTIVE may send you emails from time-to-time , for example , to ask you about an Event in which you participated .
When you use our Services , you may have the option of signing up for news and offers from us or other third parties , which may include , information about Events , our newsletter or other items that we ( or third parties ) believe may be of interest to you .
If , at any time , you would like to stop receiving the information that you have requested to receive from us , you may follow the opt-out instructions contained in any such e-mail .
Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests .
To opt-out of products , programs , Services or offers from our affiliates and trusted partners , please contact privacy @ activenetwork.com or log into your account and update your subscription preferences .
If you opt-out of receiving emails or promotions from us , we still may send you e-mails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us , or for other customer services purposes .
In addition , you may still receive emails sent by our Clients through means other than our system .
Further , if you opt out of receiving information related to a particular Event , you will still receive ACTIVE communications and communications from other organizers whose Events you have attended or are registered to attend or who have otherwise obtained your email address .
So you may have to unsubscribe from multiple emails before you stop receiving all communications related to Events for which you registered through our Services .
Note that you can not unsubscribe from update communications about the Services unless you close your account .
If you wish to not have your personal information shared with third parties for the creation and display of targeted advertisements , you will need to close your account .
This action may be possible through the settings within your account or by contacting us at privacy @
activenetwork.com .
By electing to stop receiving all communications from us or through our system you will no longer receive any updates on your account or on Events you are registered to attend or have previously attended , including communications regarding refunds .
We do not recommend that you do this unless you plan to no longer use the Services , are not currently registered for an Event , are not currently organizing an Event and will have no need to receive further communications from us or through our system .
Even after you opt out of all communications , we will retain your information in accordance with this Policy , however , we will no longer use it to contact you .
However , our Clients who have received your information in accordance with this Policy may still use that information to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies , but they may not use our system to do so .
For the ACTIVEGlobal Site , you may delete/remove personal information by submitting a request to Customer Support at http :
//www.activeglobal.com/AboutUS/index.cfm ?
AC=ContactAE .
If you would like to delete your account with us , you may do so by emailing us at support @
activenetwork.com and specifying which account ( s ) to delete .
The Active Network , Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary , StarCite , Inc. each comply with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
The Active Network , Inc. and StarCite , Inc. have certified adherence to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program and to view the certifications , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
For disputes that may arise regarding the human resources data of our employees , we have agreed to use TRUSTe as our independent third party dispute resolution partner .
A link to TRUSTe 's dispute resolution mechanism is accessible above .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States .
By using our Sites and Applications , you consent to the transfer and processing of your information in countries which may not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area .
Your consent is voluntary .
If , however , you do not consent , then we may not be able to provide you with our Services .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , if you are registering for an Event with a government entity , we may be restricted by law or contract from transferring your information outside of the particular jurisdiction in which that government entity resides .
Parents have the right to consent to the collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 ( collectively , Children , and individually , a Child ) without also consenting to the disclosure of such information to outside third parties , except in order to provide the Services .
ACTIVE does not share personal information collected from Children with third parties for any purpose other than to provide the Services .
What information do we collect from children under the age of 13 ?
Personal information such as a parent 's email address ; Username and password ; Date of birth ; Display name ( this is the name other people will see when the Child posts items to one of our Sites or engage in other similar activities on our Sites ) ; Information about a Child 's activities and interests ; Other profile data , such as contact information , gender , and photo ( collected from the parent ) ; Physical activities or similar health related information ( how long you exercised , caloric intake , or weight lost ) ; The contact of information of a friend ( when inviting them to visit the Site ) ; How we use the information collected from Children ?
To provide a notice to parents regarding your Child 's interest in registering to use the Sites ; To obtain verifiable parental consent ; To provide our Services , to communicate with parents about your Child 's use of our Services and for other customer service purposes ; To provide information that a parent or Child has requested to receive from us in response to an opt-in request ; To provide our Services at the request of our Clients To administer Events ; To provide results of Events ; To improve our Sites and Services by providing personalized experiences , location customization , personalized help , and instructions .
Can I access and modify my Child 's personal information ?
If your Child 's personal information changes , if you no longer wish to allow your Child to participate on the Sites , or if you wish to delete your Child 's information and refuse further collection and use of the information , please email us at privacy @ activenetwork.com .
How long is my Child 's information retained ?
We will retain the information we collect for as long as your or your Child 's account is active , as needed to provide our Services .
You may close your or your Child 's account by contacting us .
Nonetheless , we may retain your or your Child 's information for an additional period as is permitted or required to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Please note that even if we delete your or your Child 's information , it may persist on backup or archival media and other information systems .
Your use our Sites or Services , as well as any dispute over privacy , is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use , http : //www.activenetwork.com/
information/terms-of-use.htm , including applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes .
California residents may request a list of all third parties to which ACTIVE has disclosed certain personally identifiable information about you for marketing purposes .
You may make one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response .
You may request this information in writing by contacting us at :  
Attn : ACTIVE Privacy The Active Network , Inc. 10182 Telesis Court San Diego , CA 92121 Phone : 858-964-3800
Toll Free : 888-543-7223 Email : privacy @
activenetwork.com
We may change this Policy from time to time , so be sure to check back periodically .
If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you , we will endeavor to notify you in advance of such change , by highlighting the change on the Sites or by sending an email to you at the email address that you have registered with us .
Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Policy will indicate your agreement with the terms of the revised Policy .
If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from Children under age 13 , we will notify parents by email ( at the address provided to us ) in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the Child 's personal information .
ACTIVE regularly reviews its practices regarding personally identifiable information and this Policy .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns , please contact us at :  
Attn : ACTIVE Privacy The Active Network , Inc. 10182 Telesis Court San Diego , CA 92121 Phone : 858-964-3800
Toll Free : 888-543-7223 Email : privacy @
activenetwork.com - See more at : http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/privacy-policy# sthash.
DK0tDMEM.dpuf Data Protection & Privacy Policy PRIVACY POLICY ( Effective & last modified August 26 , 2010 )
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR OTHER SERVICES
THAT WE PROVIDE .
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES
( OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME )
, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
Red Bull India Pvt. Ltd .
( Red Bull , " we , us and our " ) offers you access to its interactive online websites .
This Privacy Policy , together with our Terms of Use and any additional terms which might apply to certain products or services , govern your use of our websites and any other online services we provide ( collectively , Website ) .
Our Website includes www.redbull.in and all other locations on which we place this Privacy Policy .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information you provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail : the types of information we collect when you use our Website how we use the information we collect from you the instances in which we may share your information with others the choices and options you have to restrict our collection and/or sharing of your information Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you , but that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
( 1 )
Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program , promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , email address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website , using our online store , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc. )  
when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-
Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of non-personally identifiable information is any information that does not personally identify you . Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personally identifiable information about you from information that you provide us .
We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you access our Website e.g. , IP addresses , your web browser , which website you were on before you visited our Website , your computer operating system , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
( 1 )
Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or events or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( " affiliated companies " ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below in Section I .
In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf ( or on behalf of our affiliated companies ) e.g. , vendors that process credit card orders , administer our promotions , provide us marketing or promotional assistance , analyze our data , assist us with customer service , etc .
Our vendors agree to use this information , and we share information with them , only to carry out our requests .
In addition , we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Unless we specifically tell you otherwise in this Privacy Policy or when you submit the information , we will not sell your personally identifiable without your prior approval .
( 2 ) Non-
Personally Identifiable Information :
We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities ( see Preference Based Advertising below ) , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personally identifiable information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others .
( 1 )
Cookies and Web Beacons : We automatically receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many websites , we use " cookies " and " web beacons " ( also called clear gifs or pixel tags ) to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website . "
Cookies " are small files that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive or your web browser memory to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you . "
Web beacons " are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and may be used to track the online movements of users , when an email has been opened , and to provide other information .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your web browser or hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
( 2 ) Preference Based Advertising :
We may work with third party advertising networks that use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website and third party sites .
This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these advertising networks to analyze your online activities for purposes of serving you with advertisements ( while on our Website or third party sites ) tailored to meet your preferences .
If you do not wish to participate in this activity , please click here and follow the simple opt-out process .
A couple of important notes about this opt-out tool : ( 1 ) it includes all the advertising networks that Red Bull may work with , but also many that Red Bull does not work with ; and ( 2 ) it typically relies on cookies to ensure that a given advertising network does not collect information about you ( Opt-out Cookies ) for a general explanation of how Opt-out Cookies work , please click here .
So , if you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer , you may need to perform the opt-out task again .
( 1 )
IP Addresses :
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that " serve up " web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
IP addresses are considered non-personally identifiable information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 2 )
Email Communications
: If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
We may email you for many reasons , including , without limitation , emails in response to your request for a particular service or your registration for a feature that involves email communications , emails that relate to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc. ) , informational emails about our other products , services , or events , or when you consent to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may " opt out " of receiving future promotional emails from us by clicking the " unsubscribe " link included at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below .
( 3 )
Transfer of Assets : As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
( 4 )
Other :
We always reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events or consequences arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please Contact Us .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your " personally identifiable information " ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
You may Contact Us if : ( a ) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy ; ( b ) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided ; ( c ) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence , including emails , from us or our affiliated companies ; or ( d ) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others .
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
Since our business changes constantly , this Privacy Policy will also change from time to time .
We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Website .
If , at any point , we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated in our Privacy Policy at the time it was collected , we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us .
You will have a choice ( via an opt-out opportunity ) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected if you opt out of the new policy .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website .
*
*
* *
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
* If you are contacted by an individual or company claiming to be Red Bull and offering you employment , gift cards or some other promotion in exchange for personal information and/or payment - PLEASE DISREGARD as they are not authorized Red Bull representatives or programs , and may be an unlawful attempt to obtain your information or money .
Privacy Policy OUR PROMISE Surfline/Wavetrak , Inc .
( Surfline ) respects your privacy and promises to earn and keep your trust .
At Surfline , we understand the importance of privacy , and we want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our site and using its services .
All information about you is kept confidential and will not be used in ways that you have not consented , and we will not sell or disclose any information that identifies you to a third party without your explicit approval .
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
Questions regarding this policy and our practice should be directed to Surfline Customer Service , by e-mail to customerservice @
surfline.com , by telephone at 1-800-229-7873 , or by postal mail to Surfline , 300 Pacific Coast Highway , Suite 300 , Huntington Beach , CA 92648 .
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms and Conditions of use .
It tells you what information we collect , how we protect it and what choices you have about how that information is used .
Most information collected is to enable us to best meet your needs as an action sports participant in a highly customized and responsive manner .
Under Age 13 Surfline does not allow children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) to register because Surfline must comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which prohibits the online collection of personal information from people under 13 .
Public Forum Discussions and Comments Please note that any information that you reveal in a public forum ( such as a bulletin board or chat room/event , comments ) will be seen by third parties not related to Surfline and is therefore not subject to this privacy policy .
We collect information in four distinct areas :
Alerts / Newsletter subscriptions : name , e-mail address Membership enrollment and Profile creation : name , address , phone number , password , and information about specific interests ( when provided ) .
All Personal information is protected by your password .
Interaction with the web site and solution tools : personal usage information .
Surfline presents interactive tools to assist you in making purchasing decisions and weather forecasts , in doing so ; Surfline collects personal usage information for the sole purpose in helping you make the best decisions .
Store and Mail Order Catalog ( s ) :
Surfline 's store and applicable catalog ( s ) is operated and managed by Swell .
Click here to read the Swell Privacy & Security Policy and Terms of Use Cookies : personal usage information .
Please see the " Cookies and Web Beacons " below for more information .
Location :
We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
Location data is not shared with 3rd .
party sites , advertisers or sponsors .
Surfline does not store any credit card information .
Surfline uses a secure hosted service which stores personal credit card data , and manages credit card processing for subscriptions and transactions .
Personal information will not be released to third parties without your explicit permission .
Surfline may provide your information to third parties in aggregate with others ' information , which does not allow you to be identified or contacted ( " Aggregate Information " ) .
For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the activities they conduct while on our site .
We might also inform a pharmaceutical company ( that may or may not be an advertiser on our site ) that " 30 percent of our users live east of the Mississippi " or that " 25 percent of our users have looked into wave forecasts in Orange County. "  
Depending on the circumstances , we may or may not charge for this information .
We use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of Personal information that you share with us .
However , no data transmission over the Internet ( or , with respect to our mobile services , over cellular phone networks ) can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect Personal information , we can not and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Site , and you do so at your own risk .
We restrict access to Personal information to Surfline employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination and criminal prosecution , if they fail to meet these obligations .
You always have options on our site .
You can opt in to or out of any of our e-mail lists .
If you 'd like to get on an e-mail list ( for Surfline 's Surf Alert , for instance , or to receive information about new products from our store ) , simply go to that area and sign up .
If you 'd like your name to be taken off a list , follow the " unsubscribe " directions in any e-mail you receive from us .
If you have any questions about how seriously we take your privacy , have a look at the other sections here .
To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to provide a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize Surfline content , offerings or advertisements .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience with Surfline ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use interactive products on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising on Surfline or other websites you visit .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or Surfline .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
For more information regarding third-party ad servers , see " Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites , Ad Servers , and Sponsors " below .
We , our third party service providers , advertiser or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Surfline .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information .
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Surfline sites covered by this privacy statement sometimes may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , or promotions ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
