By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting and web analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant content , marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
For more information on how our sites may use third-party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third party ad servers , please see the section below on " Third Party Ad Servers " .
We , our partners and/or our advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the ads that appear on our sites and to conduct research about the advertisements .
Below is a representative list of such third parties .
For more information , please visit or contact the companies listed below : 24/7 Real Media Google DoubleClick TribalFusion Atlas
To protect the enjoyment and privacy of the users of Surfline products , it is against Surfline policy for third party advertisers to deploy any software code , beyond that which is used to render industry standard advertising , through Surfline hosted advertising creative , without the express written permission of Surfline .
Surfline takes reasonable precautions to insure that third party advertisers are not deploying technology through ads hosted on Surfline and or to remove such campaigns immediately as we are notified of such a policy violation .
In the case unauthorized code or interaction is served through a third party ad , without our knowledge , Surfline takes no responsibility or liability for interactions your device may have with third party advertising units hosted on Surfline or any of it 's sub-domains .
This applies to computers , mobile phones , tablets/pads , or any device that is used to access Surfline content .
The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) is a cooperative group of ad serving providers .
The NAI has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere .
The NAI is committed to provide consumers with clear explanations of Internet advertising practices and how they affect you and the Internet generally .
For more information about the NAI , third party ad servers generally , and the opt-out opportunities available through the NAI , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/index.asp
The NAI has developed a tool that assists consumers in identifying member companies that have placed an advertising cookie file on his/her computer , and provides a method to " Opt out " of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks .
Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising .
It does mean that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns .
For more information or to begin using the tool , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp You can always contact us in order to delete your Personal information from our systems by e-mailing us at customerservice @
surfline.com .
You can always update the Personal information that you have provided to us and change your Privacy choices by updating the " My Account " section on the web site .
Any other questions ?
Contact Surfline Customer Service at customerservice @
surfline.com Surfline may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our site .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent , and we expect most such changes will be minor .
In the event that any changes are made to use of your Personal information , you will be informed via e-mail , and will afford you the opportunity to opt-out of any further use .
Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy , please exit the site immediately .
CONNECT 2013 Surfline/Wavetrak , Inc .
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy Partner of USA TODAY Sports Digital Properties PRIVACY POLICY Liverpool Football Club is committed to respecting your personal information and will ensure that any data you provide to us either during registration or when purchasing goods or services will be stored securely , treated with confidentiality and processed in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 , or any other relevant consumer legislation that is in place to protect you .
This policy explains how we collect , store and use your personal data when you visit this website and when you transact with us .
It also describes the types of data we collect , how we use this data to ensure we provide relevant and timely services to you , and your rights to control our use of that data .
By visiting this website and in providing any data about yourself to us , you are confirming that you have read understood and agree to our policies and consent to us using that information as described .
If you are at all uncertain about any aspect of our policies and practices , please contact us using contact details at http :
//help.liverpoolfc.tv/ and refrain from using this website .
We may update this policy from time to time so please check back here regularly .
If you register on the website to subscribe to our free or paid for services , interact with the site or shop for goods or services using our online purchasing facilities , we may collect information such as your name , age , gender , e-mail address , billing address , delivery address , telephone number , product selections , credit card or other payment information and a password .
Occasionally we may also collect information on health or disability if it is relevant to ensuring your health and safety for an event or service you have booked with us .
In order to improve the quality of our services and your experience when visiting our website we also monitor your visit and collect information about where you are on the internet ( eg the URL you came from , IP address , domain types like .co.uk
and .com ) ,
your browser type , the country and telephone area code where your computer is located , the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit , the advertisements you clicked on , and any search terms that you entered on our website ( " User Information " ) .
We may collect this information even if you do not register with us .
We are aware that many children will visit liverpoolfc.com and we would always encourage children under the age of 13 to talk with parents or legal guardians before submitting any personal information to this site or on any associated forums .
The club will always endeavour to seek parental consent for any children under the age of 13 entering personal data for competitions and promotions .
All personal information will be held and stored on secure servers used by The Liverpool Football Club and Athletic Grounds Limited , Anfield Road , Liverpool , L4 0TH .
We will use the information you provide us or that we collect about you for the following purposes :
1 .
To provide goods or services 2 .
To provide aggregated statistical information for LFC or relevant third parties that will help improve our website and services to you .
( These statistics will not directly identify you )
3 .
To serve content and advertisements that we believe will be of interest to you 4 .
To administer this website 5 .
If you have consented during registration or whilst making a purchase , to send you relevant offers or information on products or services by email , mail , telephone or SMS message .
By agreeing to supply or allowing us to collect the information described above , you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive )
Regulations 2003 .
Any information collected from persons under the age of 18 will not knowingly be used for marketing purposes .
Notifications of competition wins or prizes will only be sent to a parent or legal guardian for any person under the age of 18 .
As part of offering these services we may at times be required to transfer some of your data to third parties for processing to enable fulfilment of product purchases or provision of services .
This will be limited to that which they need to carry out their services and only in the way in which we instruct them as part of a contractual agreement .
Your data will never be sold or shared with third parties for the purposes of marketing without seeking prior consent .
This would be separate to the consent provided as part of registration to this site .
We use cookies on this site to enable us to personalise your visit and to enable use of our shopping facilities .
We may occasionally use them to serve advertising and content that we believe is of interest based on your browsing history .
Use of cookies is governed by EU legislation and for further information on what they are and how they are used ; please visit our dedicated Cookie Information page at http : //www.liverpoolfc.com/legal/cookies .
We may occasionally disclose your personal information as part of a legal process , for example , in response to a court order .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , non-compliance with of our Terms , or as otherwise permitted or required by law and consistent with legal requirements .
Keeping your information secure is very important to us .
Your data will be held within the European Union and all reasonable measures to protect and safeguard your data in accordance with applicable data protection law will be taken .
Please note that we can not guarantee that any data transmission over the internet is completely secure .
To help us provide you with information relating to products and services that we think you will be interested in your data may occasionally be processed and held by third parties outside the European Economic Area ( EU ) .
If this is the case we will put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure your data is secure and protected in accordance with applicable data protection law .
Please be aware that all open interactive areas ( such as The Kop , Messages Board , comments etc ) are accessible to all users and their contents effectively available in the public domain .
Think carefully about the contents of your submissions and if you choose to make a submission containing your personal information you do so at your own risk .
Protecting the online privacy of children is especially important .
If we reasonably believe a user of interactive area to be under 13 years of age , we may need to remove any personal details gathered from such a user and , where possible , all submissions .
You have the right to request that we do n't send marketing material to you and this can be done by ensuring the correct consent boxes are ticked at the time of registration or making a purchase .
You can also change personal information and amend your consent using the ' My LFC ' facilities when you are signed in to our website or shopping areas .
We also provide the opportunity to unsubscribe or amend your marketing preferences when we send you a marketing email .
Please note that if you do unsubscribe or withdraw your consent we will be unable to keep you informed on issues that may be of interest to you such as ticketing availability .
At any time you can make a formal request to provide a copy of any information we hold about you .
This should be done in writing ( see How do I contact Liverpool Football Club for our contact information ) .
We may charge a small fee up to the maximum allowable amount of 10 .
Please visit our help pages at http : //help.liverpoolfc.tv/ for any further information or use Contact Us to submit questions to the help team about our policies .
At NewsNow , we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy relates to our website at www.
NewsNow.co.uk and any other websites and online services operated by us ( collectively and individually , the " Site " ) .
Where the context allows , references to " NewsNow " , " we " , " us " or " our " include any of our affiliates .
This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal information that we may collect about you when you use the Site .
By providing us with any personal information you consent to our processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site .
Topics
The information we collect from you Cookies
How we use your personal information Information sharing Information security Managing your personal data Tracking technology
Other sites Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us We may collect , store and use personal information when you use the Site .
We collect any information your web browser sends us in the normal course of your use of the Site and by using the Site you consent to our processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may from time to time collect additional personal information ( for instance , if you submit an enquiry , register with us or subscribe to a service or mailing list ) .
If you submit an enquiry , register for a NewsNow account , subscribe to a service ( which includes free services , paid-for services and subscribing to one of our mailing lists ) , we will ask you to provide your name and email address .
We may also request other personal information in order to be able to provide specific services or to service your requests , which will be specified at the time you sign up for those services or submit such requests .
Personal information is information about you that identifies you personally and is not otherwise publicly available .
When you request a web page or any other content from the Site , it is usual for your web browser software automatically to send us your computer 's IP address , software model and version , operating system , screen resolution and ( depending on your browser ) other details of the specifications of your browser , computer and operating system .
Some browsers allow you to control such data .
It is not usual for such data to contain your email address or other personal information .
We may retain correspondence with our users by email and post , as well as records of any correspondence by telephone .
We may also record and collect certain anonymous traffic data , such as pages visited , links to and from the Site clicked and services used within the Site .
This information is not personal information and generally is not aggregated with personal information .
We generally use such traffic data to improve our services to you and to customise and enhance your experience of the Site .
We may transmit cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identify your NewsNow account or your browser .
Cookies are small text files that ( depending on your browser settings ) are deposited on your computer 's hard drive when you visit a site and may be sent back to that site when you visit again .
Our use of cookies is governed by our Cookie Policy .
We may use your personal information as follows : to provide and customise our services ; if you register/subscribe for any of our services , to process and administer your registration/subscription ; to perform any contract that you may conclude with us ; to perform auditing , research and analysis in order to maintain , protect and improve or develop our services ; to generate aggregate anonymised statistics ; to ensure the technical functioning of our network ; to protect the rights or property of NewsNow or our users ; and/or for any other purposes to which you consent .
We maintain a " no spam " policy .
Your email address may be used to send you information and to contact you in relation to NewsNow services and to offer you the opportunity to sign up for new services .
Such communications may include advertising or sponsorship elements .
Where you have consented to our doing so , we may offer you services from carefully selected third parties .
We may share your personal information with any of our affiliates , in which case your information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy .
We may engage trusted third parties to process your personal information on our behalf .
We may also use computer systems owned by third parties to provide our services and to process your personal information .
In such circumstances your personal information may be transmitted to and from such systems by secure channels .
Normally , such computer systems remain under NewsNow 's exclusive control and your personal information will not be shared with the third parties owning such systems .
The above third parties do not have any independent right to share your personal information .
Where any such third party 's systems are not under NewsNow 's exclusive control , we will endeavour to ensure that such third party will process your personal information securely , in confidence , and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may publish , or share with third parties , aggregated non-personal data , which will not identify you individually .
We may also send an anonymised version of your information to third-party advertisers or advertising providers for the purposes of displaying customised advertisements on a NewsNow web page and/or to third-party traffic-analysis providers for the purpose of generating aggregate and anonymised data on which pages users visit and the general characteristics of the computers and networks employed by those users .
Your browser may also automatically send certain data to such third parties directly .
If we become involved in any prospective or actual transaction with a third party relating to our company , our business or substantially all our assets , we may share your personal information with such third party .
We will endeavour to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transaction until ( if at all ) such personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We may share your personal information if we believe in good faith that access to or use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary ( a ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) to enforce any contractual rights that we may have in relation to the services we provide to you , ( c ) to detect , prevent or otherwise deal with fraud , security or technical issues or ( d ) to protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of NewsNow , our employees or contractors , our business partners , our users or the public ( " Necessary Purposes " ) .
Some of our affiliates and/or the above third parties may be based ( and/or may use computer systems that are located ) in countries outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) , including countries with privacy laws that may be different from ( and less protective than ) those of EEA countries .
We will endeavour to ensure that such persons treat your personal information securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may transfer your personal information to such persons who may store and process it .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorised access to systems where we store personal information .
We restrict access to personal information to our employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
Those persons are bound by confidentiality agreements and will be subject to appropriate sanctions if they fail to comply with those agreements .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Others may intercept the personal information you provide to us , so any such transmission is at your own risk .
The Site is controlled by us from our offices in the United Kingdom .
If you choose to visit the Site from outside the United Kingdom , you do so at your own risk , with the understanding that information collected from the Site may be collected , stored and used in a country whose privacy laws may be different from those of your home country .
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that we process is accurate , complete and current , but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary .
When you use our services , we endeavour in good faith to provide you with access to your personal information and , at your request , either to correct such information if it is inaccurate or to delete it ( unless we believe in good faith that we reasonably need to retain such information for any of the Necessary Purposes , as defined in the " Information sharing " section above ) .
If such information is to be deleted , please allow three working days for this to take effect .
If you make a request concerning your personal information , we will require you to identify yourself and the information that you wish to access , correct or have removed .
We may decline to process requests that are unclear , unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardise the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information contained in back-up records ) .
Where we process such requests , we will perform this service free of charge , except where doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
Please note that our business partners or other websites that may be accessible via the Site may use cookies or other tracking technology , over which we have no control .
In particular , third parties may use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information as a result of serving advertisements through any services ( including , but not limited to , mobile sites , applications and device platforms ) that we may own and/or operate .
We do collect IP addresses and we may attempt to infer your approximate location from your IP address where ( a ) providing you with any location-related services , ( b ) responding to location-related enquiries and/or ( c ) endeavouring to improve your experience of the Site ( such as in trying to provide you with more relevant and useful content , services and/or advertisements ) .
We will not , however , disclose any personally identifying location-based information in relation to advertisements to any third-party advertisers or advertising providers unless we obtain your consent to our doing so .
NewsNow links to websites or other services owned and/or operated by third parties .
We are not responsible and accept no liability for the privacy practices of such websites or other services .
This Privacy Policy applies only to our services .
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If so , we will post the revised version on the Site .
You are encouraged to check the terms of such revised versions .
If the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice and/or email notification of the changes .
Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date , and we will also keep previous versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
If you use the Site after the date on which this Privacy Policy has been changed , we will treat such use as your consent to the revised Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personal information , please contact us here or write to us at :
NewsNow Publishing Limited The Euston Office 1 Euston Square 40 Melton Street
London NW1 2FD United Kingdom SPORTS REFERENCE LLC - Privacy Statement A combination of sites providing top-notch statistics and resources for sports fans everywhere .
This Privacy Statement sets forth the information-gathering , use , and dissemination practices of Sports Reference LLC , its subsidiaries , and affiliates ( collectively referred to as " SRL " ) in connection with the World Wide Web sites located at www.sports-reference.com , www.baseball-reference.com , www.pro-football-reference.com , www.basketball-reference.com , hockey-reference.com , www.baseballbooks.net , and all other Web sites owned or operated by SRL ( the " Site " ) .
This Privacy Statement addresses SRL 's practices regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site - it does not address or govern any information gathering , use , or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from the Site , including , without limitation , from or via telephone , facsimile , postal mail , personal delivery , or other or additional offline means or media .
SRL can be contacted by mail , phone , facsimile , or by e-mail at SRL , as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement .
SRL may collect or track ( 1 )
the home server domain names , e-mail addresses , type of client computer , files downloaded , search engine used , operating system , and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site , ( 2 ) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with SRL via e-mail , ( 3 ) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms , registration forms , surveys , e-mail , contest entries , and other online avenues ( including , without limitation , demographic and personal profile data ) , and ( 4 ) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages Site visitors access .
SRL may place Internet " cookies " on visitors ' hard drives .
Internet cookies save data about individual visitors , such as the visitor 's name , password , user-name , shopping cart , screen preferences , and the pages of the Site viewed by the visitor .
When the visitor revisits the Site , SRL may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor 's experience accordingly , for example , in pre-filling forms .
Visitors may decline or remove Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software , if available .
SRL also may use Web bugs to gather , store , and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Site .
A Web bug is a file object , which can be a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel graphics file , which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user activity .
A Web bug can gather , for example , the IP address of your computer , the time the Web page was viewed , and the type of browser used .
When a visitor performs a search within the Site , SRL may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed .
SRL may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical problems with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site , and to calculate overall usage statistics .
We use third-party payment service providers such as Amazon.com and PayPal to handle any monetary transactions .
SRL does not store any of your private payment information provided by you directly to these service providers .
Comments posted to any of our Web pages are public .
All other notices sent to SRL should use the following address or contact information :  Sports Reference LLC
6757 Greene St , Suite 315 Philadelphia , PA 19119
Fax 800/660-5292
Phone 215/301-9181
sf @
sports-reference.com
With respect to chat rooms , SRL does not , and is not obligated to , monitor or review any areas on the Site , or the content therein , where users transmit or post communications or communicate with each other regarding SRL or Content ( see Terms and Conditions ) on the Site , including but not limited to , communications in chat rooms , bulletin boards or other user forums .
As such , SRL assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information , no duty to update or correct such information , and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright , libel , privacy , obscenity , or otherwise .
Personal data collected by SRL may be used by SRL for many reasons , for example , for editorial and feedback purposes , for marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of users ' behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for fulfillment of a requested transaction or record-keeping , or to customize the content and layout of the Site .
Aggregate data on visitors ' home servers may be used for internal purposes , and individually identifying information , such as names , postal and e-mail addresses , phone numbers , and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to SRL may be added to SRL 's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates , new products and services , and upcoming events .
With respect to visitor e-mail addresses , we allow users to post their e-mail address on comments or in sponsorships , in the event that they wish to allow others to reach them easily .
Visitor e-mail addresses from comments are not used by SRL to generate mailing lists .
SRL also may use Site visitor data to contact the Site visitors regarding account status and changes to the Terms and Conditions , any subscriber agreement , this Privacy Statement , and any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors .
Subject to the limitations of Paragraph 4 , aggregate data on visitors ' home servers may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms .
Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data which visitors provide to SRL may be provided to third parties who provide products , information , or services which SRL believes that visitors may be interested in directly or indirectly purchasing or obtaining .
Identifiable or non-identifiable data also may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which SRL enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction , such as , for example , a merger , consolidation , acquisition , or asset purchase , or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other form of legal process , in response to a request by or on behalf of any local , state , federal , or other government agency , department , or body , whether or not pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other form of legal process , or if determined by SRL in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life , health , security , or property of SRL or any other person or entity .
While SRL will undertake efforts to see that any third party to which SRL shares , rents , sells , or otherwise discloses personal data is under a contractual obligation to use the personal data solely for the purposes for which the data was disclosed , such third parties are independent third parties over which SRL exercises no control , and SRL is not responsible for their conduct , actions , omissions , or information handling or dissemination practices and SRL will not be liable therefor .
This Site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties .
SRL is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites , advertisers , or third parties , or for the content of such sites or advertisements .
It is possible that these links or advertisements , themselves , may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about Site visitors .
It is solely the visitor 's obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties .
SRL has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information .
For example , SRL : undertakes all efforts to maintain a secure server ; does not store any user credit card information ; and requires employees and service providers who work for or with SRL to sign confidentiality and security contracts restricting their use of any data related to user information .
Please be advised , however , that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from SRL via this Site or e-mail can not be guaranteed .
Accordingly , SRL is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet .
Instead of communicating with SRL via e-mail or the Internet , visitors can contact SRL by mail , phone , or facsimile , as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement .
Except as necessary for SRL to provide the services , information , or products requested by a visitor , the visitor may opt out of having his or her personally identifiable information , which has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration , customer order , or electronic news or information subscription , prospectively retained by SRL , used by SRL for secondary purposes , or disclosed by SRL to third parties by contacting SRL via postal mail , e-mail , or facsimile at the addresses set out above .
( This does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the above description. )  
By way of illustration , you have the option to remove your name from any of our mailing lists at any time .
Upon a visitor 's request via postal mail , e-mail , or facsimile , SRL will provide to the visitor a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by SRL regarding the visitor , which information has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration , customer order , or electronic news or information subscription .
A visitor may modify , correct , change or update their personally identifiable information by contacting SRL via postal mail , e-mail , facsimile , or telephone as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement .
SRL may change this Privacy Statement at any time .
Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement , as well as the location of the new or revised statement , will be posted on the Site for at least 60 days after the change .
It is the obligation of users visiting the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit .
Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to all visitors once instituted , including as to any visitor who previously visited the Site before the change was made .
Effective Date : October 1 , 2004 Last Updated : April 25 ,
2008 Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and , together with its Affiliates , operates daily newspapers , television stations , a digital broadcast program network , and news , entertainment , and information websites .
In this Privacy Policy , Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites , mobile applications , electronic devices , kiosks , and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted ( hereinafter the Services ) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries ( collectively we or us ) regardless of how you access the Services , unless such website , mobile application , electronic device , kiosk , or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website , application , device , kiosk , or interactive service .
The Policy describes :  The information we collect and how we collect it ; What we do with the information we collect ; Information sharing and disclosure ; How you can access and update your information ; How we protect information ; Linked sites and advertisements ; Users from outside the United States ; Children ; How to contact us ; Your California privacy rights ; No rights of third parties ; and Changes to this policy .
How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit , the activities in which you participate and the Services you use .
You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below .
We may collect information about you during your use of the Services , including your name , username , password , email address , postal address , phone number , mobile phone number , payment information , gender , birth year , and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things , such as :  Enter registration information for one or more of our Services ; Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion ; Participate in voting or polling activities ; Make a purchase ; Request certain features ( e.g. , newsletters , updates , and other products ) ; Sign up to receive SMS ( text message ) notifications ; Download or use one of our mobile applications ; Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site ( SNS ) ; or Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services .
We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services .
When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services , you authorize Tribune to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface , including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account , information that the SNS shares with us , or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process .
We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription , product , or service we provide .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online .
Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services , such as via SNSs , on message boards , chat areas or in advertising or notices you post , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to :
( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services .
We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) .
We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods .
We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information .
We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results .
In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services .
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies .
To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel .
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services .
We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services .
We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties .
Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below .
You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser .
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website .
You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager .
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising .
When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements .
Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements .
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements .
For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator .
We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features .
For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements .
In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers .
If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this .
See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details .
We use the information that we collect for the following purposes : For the purposes for which you provided it ; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ; To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ; To administer sweepstakes and contests ; To process and respond to your inquiries ; To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ; To attribute content that you make available through the Services ; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ; To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ; To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ; To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services .
The Services are supported by advertising revenue .
We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers .
Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications .
We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you .
Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose .
We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below : We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf .
When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices .
We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims .
We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship .
We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property .
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses .
In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets .
To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you , you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated ( may be available on some Services and not others ) or by contacting us at privacy @
tribune.com .
We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information .
Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable .
The Services may contain links to third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites .
We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services .
When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers .
In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply .
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information .
The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law .
If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy .
The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 .
We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services .
By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old .
Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services .
These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation .
Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services .
These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation .
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please send an email to privacy @
tribune.com .
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties .
If you are a California resident and would like to request this information , please submit your request in an email to privacy @
tribune.com .
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties .
Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website .
PRIVACY POLICY .
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with Spanish Organic Law 15/1999 , of December 13 , in relation to the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature , data concerning the users that access the www.fcbarcelona.com , given their consent , will be included in an automated file that is the responsibility of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA , whose domicile is Avinguda Arstides
Maillol s/
n ( 08028 ) Barcelona .
Users can voluntarily decide whether or not to provide their consent for the data that they supply of their own free will to be included in the file that is the responsibility of FC BARCELONA , which is used to keep users informed , to offer them products and/or services both of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA itself and of other organizations that collaborate with the Club that , through agreement , may have some special offer that could be of interest to the members , supporters and internet users that have supplied their details .
The user is also willing for FC BARCELONA to be able to provide his or her personal details to third party collaborators in order for these to be able to make offers and/or send communications to users for commercial or promotional purposes in relation to products or services that could be of interest to them .
If the user is not willing for his or her details to be included in any files and later used for informative and commercial purposes , he or she simply has to check the box denying authority to include said data in any files .
Should any user provide this authority but later decide to revoke that authority or make any modifications to the data supplied , he or she must send an e-mail to oab @ club.fcbarcelona.cat , or write to the address of the party responsible for the file indicated above .
The user reserves the recognized right to access , cancel , rectify or oppose any of their details , and reserves the right to be told how many times these details have been supplied to others , if at all .
FC BARCELONA possesses the technical knowledge and means required for the processing of computer databases and the provision of certain services and possesses and employs the security measures required for proper data protection and security in accordance with the regulations established by Spanish Law 15/1999 , on the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature .
Your personal information is being processed by the Haymarket Media Group ( 'Haymarket ' ) .
For a full list of our brands and business divisions please visit our web site .
Haymarket respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information .
We comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and aim to maintain consistently high levels of best practice in our processing of your personal information .
This Privacy Notice relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us through the Haymarket network of websites and/or other services provided by Haymarket .
In order to provide you with the full range of services , we may request and/or record information about you .
This privacy notice explains the following :  the type of information we collect ; how the information is used ; when we may contact you ; whether we will disclose your details to anyone else ; and the use of cookies .
Many Haymarket websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties .
These third party websites have their own privacy notices and we encourage you to review them .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk .
When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from any Haymarket website , such as a newsletter , competition , forum we will ask for limited personal information .
We will also collect personal information from you when you subscribe to one of our magazines and when you communicate with us over the telephone or via written correspondence .
This can include information such as your name , postal address , telephone or mobile number , fax number , email address , gender or date of birth .
Different Haymarket websites may ask for different pieces of personal information .
By entering your details in the fields requested , you enable Haymarket and its service providers to provide you with the services you select .
Haymarket will use your personal information for a number of non-marketing purposes including the following : we may contact you for service related reasons that you have subscribed to , signed up for , or participate in ( e.g. to make you aware of any delays in your subscription arriving on time , reminding you of a password or username , or about a comment you have made on a website. ) ; to invite you to share your opinions and comments through a research study about the level of service you receive from us ; to track traffic flows and to make our websites easier for you to use ; to fulfil subscription orders ; to provide a user online community ; and for planning and managing our business activities by understanding aggregated analysis on behaviour and habits ; We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group which includes our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006
Yes .
Haymarket may use the information you have provided to promote the products and services of Haymarket or others .
However , be assured that we understand the irritations of unsolicited communications and are fully committed to ensuring the rights and obligations set out in the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 are respected .
If you do n't want it , you wo n't get it .
Any marketing communication you receive will always include a clear , simple option to refuse , or ' opt-out ' of such future communications .
You may also opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) .
The Telephone Preference Service ( TPS ) and the Mailing Preference Service ( MPS ) offer consumers important statutory and non-statutory protection against unsolicited marketing contact .
If you are registered on either service , Haymarket will assume that your subsequent submission of personal data via a Haymarket website or data capture form indicates , for the time being , your consent to receive marketing by us .
You may opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) .
Haymarket may disclose your personal data where it believes it is compelled to do so by law ; in particular for the prevention or detection of crime , the capture or prosecution of offenders ; and the assessment or collection of tax or duty .
Occasionally , we may share your contact information with carefully selected third party companies whose products and services we feel may be of interest to you .
We will keep these offers relevant to your interests .
It 's easy to unsubscribe from any email or mobile messages you no longer want .
( see below ) .
We use a number of third party organisations to help provide a professional service to our customers ( i.e. fulfilment bureaus , call centres , and website designers ) .
These organizations act as data processors and are strictly controlled in how they may/may not use your personal data .
We remain responsible for the protection of your data .
Please note that some of our partners may be located outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Countries outside the EEA may not be required to protect personal information as stringently as countries inside .
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that Haymarket holds about you .
There will be an administration fee of 10 associated with this request and will require two pieces of identification to prove your identity .
Please make a written application to the Data Protection Officer , Haymarket Media Group , Teddington , Middlesex ,
TW11 9BE .
If any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect , you can click on the contact us link on each website .
If the incorrect information relates to your magazine subscription , then you can contact the customers services team on 08456 777 800 who will update your details as soon as practically possible .
This privacy policy may be updated at any time with or without notice in order to comply with new practices or regulations .
You may wish to visit this page every time you submit personal information to of Haymarket 's websites .
In order to enable us to provide you with a personalised browsing experience , this website uses ' cookie ' information collection technology . "
Cookies " are small pieces of information that are issued to your computer when you enter a website .
Cookies are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive , and they can be used for a wide range of purposes , such as identifying your computer 's previous visits to a website , and to ascertain the most popular features of a website .
This website uses cookies as they enable us to identify your computer when you visit the website .
For example , cookies can make it possible for us to identify and automatically log in registered users of certain services on the website without the need for us to ask users for their registration details and password each time they visit .
We also use cookies to develop a clearer picture of which parts of the website are the most popular to its visitors , and your preferences .
Cookies are also used in behavioural advertising to identify users who share a particular interest so that they can be served more relevant adverts .
If you wish to know more about cookies and how companies like Haymarket use them , please visit www.youronlinechoices.com or www.allaboutcookies.org .
Information on these websites will assist you in exercising your privacy rights providing guidance on how to opt-out of future access or continued storage of information via cookies .
Following recent revisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 relating to the notification and use of cookies Haymarket is currently working towards implementing the new requirements in line with guidance provided by The Information Commissioner 's Office .
If you have any further questions or comments concerning your privacy , please contact ; MAIL : Data Protection Officer Haymarket Media Group Teddington
Studios Teddington Middlesex
TW11
9BE
If you do n't want to receive any more direct marketing messages then please click here .
Attribution Used throughout the site , Social Network Icon Pack by Komodo Media , Rogie King is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License .
Based on a work at www.komodomedia.com .
