Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 Privacy statement Hattrick Ltd , a company with its registered address at Suites 41/42 , Victoria House , 26 Main Street , Gibraltar , publisher of Hattrick.org , has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site .
Hattrick has under the Gibraltar Data Protection Ordinance of 2004 registered as Data Controller with the Gibraltar Data Protection Commissioner ( http : //www.gra.gi/index.php ?
site=dataprotection ) .
Hattrick processes the data itself and is the legal entity responsible for processing the data .
Further , Hattrick 's Game Masters , as a part of administering and supervising the games , act as Hattrick 's data assistants and process the data , within and outside the EEA area .
The game masters have entered into confidentiality agreements with Hattrick to protect your privacy .
Since the game masters act as data processors the game masters have no independent responsibility for the processing but all such responsibility is borne by Hattrick Ltd .
Hattrick will process your data for the purposes of operating and administering Hattrick , to gather statistics and in supervising adherence to these terms and conditions and the Game Rules and for the specific purposes explained below .
Hattrick stores user data that has either been submitted to our system by you ( such as account details or in-game communication ) , data that has been created or logged automatically by our systems ( for example IP logs or game updates ) , as well as any manual notes that has been added by customer service , developers or Game Masters to record account events .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site .
IP addresses are also logged and used for security purposes , and may be used in abuse investigations or to identify cheaters within the game itself .
We do not use cookies to extract information from you , solely to simplify your visits , mainly by having cookies remember which language and specific part of the site you want to start your visit with , or to remember last login date so that we can distinguish new users from returning ones .
A temporary cookie is also used to keep track of your " session " .
Without that temporary cookie ( which is not stored after you quit your browser ) you would have had to log on again on each page .
You can turn off cookies in your web browser ( more information about this is available at http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ ) .
This will however make it more or less impossible to access many of the functions on our web site .
When you follow links from Hattrick to other web sites , these may install tracking cookies on your computer .
This is beyond the control of Hattrick .
We reserve the right to use cookies for the purpose of serving and/or targeting ads , offers and other marketing messages .
No personal customer data is ever shared with the advertising companies .
Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , e-mail , and postal address ) .
Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary .
It is in the users interest to submit truthful information , as this is also used to verify the user 's right to his or her account .
The customer 's e-mail address is used to send an e-mail verification message , Hattrick newsletters ( this can be opted out from ) , password reminders upon request , inactivity reminders , subscription expiration reminders , order confirmations , information about changes in the terms of use and very seldomly information about new features to users with deleted accounts .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information , products , and services .
We collect contact information ( like their e-mail address ) , and financial information ( like their account or credit card numbers ) .
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services .
Our occasional voluntary online surveys ask visitors for demographic information ( like zip code , age , or income level ) .
Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
This site contains links to other sites .
Hattrick is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
Hattrick will not share customer data with outside companies or sites , even if we have a special relationship with them .
Sponsors , business partners , co-branded sites or content providers may get the opportunity to offer products and services to you within the Hattrick web site , but we will ask you before passing on any of your personal information to other parties .
The only exception is if another company needs the data for the operation of the service and they agree to adhere to our privacy policy or if Hattrick would transfer substantially all of its assets relating to the game to another company .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
If you upload pictures of yourself , Hattrick will consider your uploading as your express consent to the use of your picture .
If pictures would include pictures of your friends or other third parties , you must ensure that such persons have consented to the publishing of the picture before uploading it .
All other information that you directly or indirectly create or access within Hattrick is considered to be in-game information and may be accessed and used by us for the operation of the game , including investigations into cheating , fraud or criminal activities .
Barring a court order , we will not share such information with third parties other than the police , our Game Masters , our system administrators , our legal representatives and companies that develop or operate the game and have agreed to adhere to our privacy policy .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
These include firewalls , physical security and password protection .
You can choose to terminate your Hattrick account at any time by contacting a local Game Master or if that is not possible by contacting Hattrick at privacy @ hattrick.org .
E-mail messages may be sent to all registered users .
You can opt out from receiving most messages only by terminating the account .
You can opt out from The Hattrick Newsletter under My Hattrick
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided : - You can change your data under MyHattrick > Preferences .
- You can contact your local GM using the in-game messaging tool .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , or the practices of this site , you can contact privacy @ hattrick.org .
If you want a copy of your personal data , or if you want us to erase it , please send us a personally signed letter to the address stated above .
Hattrick may from time to time revise this Privacy Statement by updating this posting .
Such amendments will be communicated here , to the e-mail address stated in your account or through a notice on our home page .
Your continued use of this site and the resources enabled by the site will signify and represent your consent to such processing and of the conditions set out in the Privacy Statement .
Privacy Policy for Users Cassava Enterprises
( the " Company " or " we " ) offers gambling services via its in-house brands such as ( i ) 888 , ( ii ) Casino-on-Net , ( iii ) 888casino , ( iv ) Pacific Poker , ( v ) 888poker , ( vi ) 888sport ,
( vii ) 888bingo , ( viii )
888ladies , ( ix ) 888games , ( x ) 888play , ( xi ) Reef Club Casino ;
( xii ) LuckyAcePoker ; and
( xiii ) Euro City Casino ( each an " In-House Brand " ) and via third parties ' brands as part of so called " white labels " such as ( i ) Lotos , ( ii ) Tower Torneos , ( iii )
Harrah 's , ( iv ) Oxygen9casino and ( v ) SnapCall ( each a " White Label Brand " ) .
In addition to offering its gambling services via the Internet ( the " Internet Platform " ) , the Company may from time to time offer its services via alternative platforms such as ( i ) interactive television , ( ii ) mobile gaming platforms , ( iii ) in-flight entertainment platforms , and ( iv ) Facebook applications ( each , an " Alternative Platform " ) .
When you use the Company 's gambling services either via an In-House Brand or a White Label Brand , and whether such use is via the Internet Platform or an Alternative Platform , you shall be asked to provide personal identifiable information ( " PII " ) to the Company .
The Company is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws and we have therefore provided this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect , use and safeguard your PII for the purpose of offering you gambling services .
If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or how we handle or use the PII which you provide to us
then you are invited to send in your questions to support @
888.com and we will do our best to answer your questions in full as quickly as possible .
You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with the 888.com Group Operated Sites and Services End User License Agreement .
We collect PII when you register and use our gambling services , make customer inquiries , register for information or other services from the Company ( including through Facebook applications ) , or when you respond to communications from us ( such as questionnaires or surveys ) .
The PII we will collect from you may include , for example , your name , email address , home address , telephone number , voice sample ( which will not be kept on our records ) , debit/credit card data and date of birth and other information collected on registration or through surveys which the Company shall undertake .
The PII which you provide to us will be processed for one or more of the following Purposes :
( i ) to allow us to provide you with gambling services ; ( ii ) to process any of your requests for information ; ( iii ) to provide member support services to you ; ( iv ) to market our services , websites or products or those of other entities existing within the same group of companies in which the Company exists ( the " Cassava Group " ) or those of any of our business partners and affiliates ; ( v ) to notify you about updates to our software and/or services ; and ( vi ) to support any of the intended purposes specifically stated at the time at which you provided the PII .
Your PII may , for the Purposes , be disclosed for processing to any of the following Recipients :
( i ) to any companies within the Cassava Group and their employees who have a need to know such information ; ( ii ) to white label partners where we provide you with gambling services via a White Label Brand ; ( iii ) to any third parties which provide services to the Company in order to allow or enable us to provide you with gambling services , including by way of example payment processors and data verifiers ; ( iv ) to any third parties who provide the Cassava Group services in relation to the operation of 888sport ; ( v ) to any auditors , contractors or other advisers auditing any of Cassava Group 's business processes ; and ( vi ) to any potential purchasers or investors in any company within the Cassava Group .
Any processing performed by any Recipients will , where required by law , be governed by a data processing agreement in the form required by law , preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights and obligating the Recipients to respect the PII and handle it in accordance with the relevant laws .
We ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law .
Out of respect for your right to privacy we are happy to provide you with an easy means to decline receiving email offers from us or from any other companies within the Cassava Group .
At any time , you may request to discontinue receiving these offers by sending a blank message with the word " Remove " in the subject area to support @
If you would like to stop receiving our mail or telemarketing offers , please write to Cassava Enterprises
( Gibraltar ) Limited , Suite 601/701 , Europort , Gibraltar .
You can write to us at any time to obtain a copy of your PII and to have any inaccuracies corrected .
Where appropriate , you may have your PII rectified , amended or completed .
We may levy a small charge to cover the cost of administration .
We have implemented suitable security policies , rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard all the PII under our control from unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
All our employees and data processors who have access to , and are associated with the processing of your PII , are obliged to respect your privacy .
We may send you a permanent cookie when you register with us .
A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies can help us to recognize you when you next visit our website , note the advertisements you click on and the other sites you enter via a link from our website .
This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences .
We may also use the data generated from cookies to compile statistical data on your use of our website .
Our website uses four types of cookies : ( i ) ' session cookies ' which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed ; ( ii ) ' first party cookies ' / ' persistent cookies ' which are set and read only by our website , saved on your computer for a fixed period ( usually a year or longer ) and are not deleted when the browser is closed .
Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits , for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next login ( such as user name and/or password ) ; ( iii ) ' third party cookies ' which are set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing , for example by third party analytics companies who monitor and analyze our web access ; and ( iv ) ' flash cookies ' which are saved during game play to allow quicker and better gaming experience .
You are not obliged to accept a cookie from us or from any other website .
You can modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for instructions on how to do so correctly .
However , for legitimate security reasons , we may refuse access to specific website content unless you accept the use of a cookie or similar device When you register with our Facebook application ( " App " ) and provide your consent by clicking " Play Game " on the landing page of the App , we will obtain the following from your Facebook account through the App : ( i ) your basic information ( including your name , profile picture , gender , networks , user ID , list of friends and any other information you made public on Facebook ) , ( ii ) your email address , and ( iii ) your date of birth .
The App may publish in your name all of your App-related activities through your Facebook account , including bingo rooms/ lobbies you visited , achievements and winnings you earned , your high scores and more , as well as post in chats and send virtual gifts on your behalf .
You shall at all times have the option to modify our permission to do all of the foregoing via your Facebook 's privacy preferences .
We use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit our websites .
This technology uses information about your visits to our websites ( not including your name , address , or other personal information ) , to serve our advertisements to you .
In the course of delivering our advertisements to you , a unique third-party ' cookie ' may be placed or recognized on your browser .
We also transmit website usage information about visitors to our websites to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites .
To do this , we use ' Web beacons ' and ' cookies ' provided by our third-party advertisement server on our sites .
The information that is collected and logged on our behalf through this technology is not personally identifiable .
If you do not want your non-personal information used to target advertisements to you , please visit www.networkadvertising.org and follow the " opt-out " instructions .
The services provided by the Company are not intended for or directed to minors or persons under the age of legal consent .
Any person who provides us with PII represents to us that they are 18 years of age or over the age of legal consent in their jurisdiction .
We reserve the right to access and verify any PII submitted by or collected from you .
If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted PII , we may not accept this information and may take steps to remove such information from our records .
Since we operate globally , it may be necessary to transfer your PII to other companies within the Cassava Group located in countries outside the European Union .
This may happen if our servers or such companies are based outside the European Union , if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside the European Union or if we transfer your PII to such companies for purposes regarding which you will receive advance notice .
The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Union - in these instances we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your PII .
Your PII will not be stored for any longer period than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected .
Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited Suite 601/701 Europort ,
Gibraltar This Privacy Policy is subject to change , so please check it regularly .
We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation .
In the event the Purposes change , we will notify you as soon as possible and , where required , seek your consent where such notification relates to a new additional purpose for processing .
If you have any enquiry about this Privacy Policy please write to support @
888.com Back to Top | 888.com Betfair Privacy Policy Betfair wants visitors to its website to know that we are just as concerned as you are about the privacy of any personal information that you may choose to provide us ( " Personal Information " ) .
In this respect we have invested heavily in providing a world class Information Security Management System , which has been accredited with ISO 27001 certification .
Personal Information is any information about you and may include your name and address , date of birth , payment card details , details of betting transactions and account transfers and any other information you may wish to provide .
Betfair is endeavouring to ensure that our business practices that involve the use of your Personal Information are compliant with privacy regulations in the countries where we operate .
Accordingly , in this policy document ( the " Privacy Policy " ) , Betfair wants not only to advise you of your privacy rights but also explain how we intend to respect them .
Any reference to " Betfair " or the " Group " within this Privacy Policy includes Betfair Group Plc and all or any of its direct or indirect subsidiary undertakings , joint venture partners , and their related companies wherever located in the world as may exist from time to time .
Personal Information may be submitted on our website in two areas : Public Area
If you do provide your name and address on the public area of this website in order to request information about our products and services , you may voluntarily provide additional personal information .
You will be asked to provide your personal information in this area for the purposes of registering with Betfair and opening an account with us .
If you are already one of our customers and have opened an account with us , you must use a password to enter the Betfair website .
A " session cookie " is used to enable you to leave and re-enter our website without re-entering your password .
Our web server will record the pages you visit within our website .
To ensure a good quality of service we may monitor and record any communication you have with us whether in writing , by phone or by electronic mail .
E-mail is not encrypted to / from either the public or private areas of this website .
Betfair recommends that with the exception of your name and username/TAN you do not send us Personal Information by e-mail .
Any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk .
Betfair uses cookies ' in order to provide you with a better experience .
To find out more about cookies , please see our Cookie Policy .
Betfair will process your Personal Information in order to allow you access and make use of our website , to allow you to participate in the services offered , to administer your account , to maintain our accounts and records , to monitor website usage levels and the quality of the service we provide and to inform you , from time to time , about products and services that we consider may interest you and for related purposes .
If you do not wish to receive future marketing , promotional or sales material from Betfair , you may notify us that no further material be sent to you .
Our contact details are located in the ' Contact Us ' pages of our website .
Betfair will as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving your request , remove your contact details from our marketing database .
Betfair will also retain such information and may analyse it in order to investigate any actual or suspected criminal activity or , in respect of any event featured on our website , any threat to the integrity of that event and/or breaches of the rules of that event as laid down by the relevant governing ( including sporting ) bodies .
All rights in the manner of recording your Personal Information held by Betfair ( including copyright and database rights ) are and shall remain its property .
Telephone calls and betting data relating to users will be recorded and may be actively monitored for which purposes all users hereby consent .
Your Personal Information may , for the purposes described above , be transferred or disclosed to any company within the Group or , subject to appropriate agreement to third parties , for the processing of that Personal Information on our behalf .
The Group may , from time to time , retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes listed above and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law .
Where required by law , your Personal Information may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental , regulatory , sporting or enforcement authority .
Additionally , in circumstances where we deem it appropriate , your Personal Information may be disclosed to any regulatory authority ( whether at the request of such authority or otherwise ) which has issued Betfair with a gambling operating licence .
Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to any regulatory or sporting body in connection with policing the integrity or enforcing the rules of a sport or game and/or prevention and detection of crime and with whom the Group has agreements ( Memoranda of Understanding or " MOUs " ) from time to time for the sharing of such data and where the Group considers that there are reasonable grounds to suspect that you may be involved in a breach of such rules or the law , have knowledge of a breach of such rules or the law or otherwise pose a threat to the integrity of the relevant sport or game .
Those bodies may then use your Personal Information to investigate and act on any such breaches in accordance with their procedures .
In connection with the above purposes it may be necessary , or a legal requirement , for Betfair to disclose information to entities located in countries outside the UK , Malta , the EU and Australia in each case in accordance with appropriate technical and organizational security measures .
By agreeing to this policy , by use of the Betfair site or otherwise , you agree that Betfair may store and use historical data relating to you and your account ( s ) for the purposes outlined in this policy .
Betfair has entered into MOUs with the following regulatory and/or sporting bodies :  The British Horseracing Authority
The Association of Professional Tennis Players
The International Cricket Council Cricket Australia The Rugby Football League
The National Horseracing Authority of South Africa UEFA
The Greyhound Board of Great Britain The Thoroughbred Racing Protective Bureau ( US horseracing )
The WTA ( Women 's Professional Tennis )
The Australian Football League The Rugby Football Union
The British Darts Organisation The Royal Belgian Football Association
The Turf Club ( Irish horseracing )
The Football Association of Ireland
The Football Federation of Australia Racing Victoria Limited Racing Services Tasmania National Rugby League Limited Lawn Tennis Association of Australia Limited PGA Tour of Australasia Limited Deutscher Tennis Bund e.
V ( German Tennis )
Racing and Wagering Western Australia Australian Rugby Union Harness Racing Queensland Thoroughbred Racing South Australia Greyhound Racing South Australia Limited Harness Racing South Australia Greyhound Racing New South Wales Racing New South Wales Harness Racing New South Wales
The National Hockey League World Snooker Ltd Harness Racing Victoria Greyhound Racing Victoria The Tennis Integrity Unit
Racing Queensland Limited New Zealand Racing Board Victorian Racing Integrity Commissioner Professional Squash Association Further MOUs may have been entered with other organizations the details of which are available on request .
By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter our website , you explicitly consent to the Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes , and otherwise in the manner set out in this policy , or as otherwise provided in accordance with the Terms and Conditions .
If you wish to qualify , vary , modify or limit your consent in relation to marketing communications or in circumstances where any processing of your data is likely to cause damage or distress or such other circumstances as the law allows then you may do so by notifying us in writing .
Our contact details are located in the ' Contact Us ' pages of our website .
You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Information held by Betfair in accordance with subject access rules in the Data Protection Act 2004 ( Gibraltar ) , the Privacy Act 1988 ( Australia ) and the Data Protection Act 2001 ( Malta ) .
Betfair reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy including altering the purposes for which it processes your Personal Information .
In the event that Betfair considers it appropriate to make any such change , the Privacy Policy will be updated and posted on our site .
Your continued use of the site will constitute acceptance of those changes .
For full details about Group members , where they operate , or for a copy of your Personal Information or any other queries you may have about our Privacy Policy , please contact us .
Again , our contact details are located in the ' Contact Us ' pages of our website .
This Privacy Policy is to be modified for customers from Germany who are transferred by TSE Global to the www.betfair.com website by the following provisions :  Customers from Germany are given access to Betfair through TSE Global Limited , Waterfront , Hammersmith Embankment , Winslow Road , London W6 9HP , email tseglobal @
googlemail.com ( 'TSE Global ' ) .
TSE Global operates the www.betfair.de website .
Customers in Germany seeking to place bets on sporting events will be connected from this website to the www.betfair.com website , which is operated by Betfair .
TSE Global acts as an intermediary between you and Betfair .
From www.betfair.de you will get to www.betfair.com on request .
If you are already registered , you will also be taken from www.betfair.com to the www.betfair.de website .
All personal information required for registration is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair .
At the www.betfair.com website , you are asked to enter your username and password .
It is possible that your username and password contains personal information ( e.g. , if you have chosen your own name as your username ) .
This information is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair .
Australian Event means an event that takes place on Australian soil and/or an event that is specifically identified in the relevant market information as being governed by Betfair 's Australian licence .
Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to the Tasmanian Gaming Commission ( " TGC " ) and such regulatory agencies as the TGC directs pursuant to the Gaming Control Act 1993 ( Tasmania ) .
Specifically any information relating to your use of our site may ( at the TGC 's direction ) be monitored and recorded or otherwise provided to the following regulatory agencies :  The TGC ; The Director of Racing appointed under section 5 of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 ( Tasmania ) ; A Council within the meaning of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 ( Tasmania ) ; and Another person or body nominated by the TGC that either in Tasmania or elsewhere exercises powers or performs functions in respect of the conduct of racing or gaming .
There may be restrictions placed your betting on Australian Events if you have not complied with Betfair 's know your client ( " KYC " ) processes .
Further information can be found in the ' Help ' pages of the website .
The Sporting Exchange Limited .
BETFAIR is a registered trade mark of The Sporting Exchange Limited .
OFFICIAL FREELOTTO PRIVACY POLICY Collection and Data Utilization Agreement IMPORTANT :
The policies below are applicable to FreeLotto and other sites owned and operated by PlasmaNet , Inc .
PlasmaNet , Inc. collects personally identifiable information during sweepstakes registration and this information is used from time to time as you use our website to : pay prize winnings , confirm entries , and selectively show you relevant ads and/or promotions .
We may share your registration information with third parties who may contact you by postal mail with relevant offers .
If you choose to join any of our marketing partners offers , you will be subject to their privacy policy and terms directly .
Your personal information may be shared if required to be disclosed pursuant to an order or warrant issued by a court of competent jurisdiction .
Players ' e-mail addresses and other personal information are kept in secure databases to protect our players ' privacy .
No information should be submitted to or posted at any PlasmaNet websites by guests under 18 years of age .
People under 18 years of age are not allowed to participate in FreeLotto or other sweepstakes offered by PlasmaNet .
If such a person wins , his or her entry is void .
All registrants receive e-mail confirming their registration and subsequent entries in FreeLotto and daily FreeLotto results with information of interest from FreeLotto .
Additionally , from time to time you may receive other sponsored advertising messages from FreeLotto .
You may at any time modify your registration with PlasmaNet by editing your profile on our site .
Each email we send you will include a description of the simple unsubscribe process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail of that type from FreeLotto .
You may unsubscribe from each email type this way .
For example , unsubscribing from a daily FreeLotto results email will result in you no longer receiving the daily FreeLotto results by email .
You may however continue to receive other types of email which you can unsubscribe from in the same fashion .
If you wish to stop receiving e-mail results from PlasmaNet and FreeLotto.com , you can quickly and easily unsubscribe yourself .
To do so open results e-mail , scroll down to the line that reads : " If you 'd prefer not to receive the results by e-mail , please click below to unsubscribe. "  
If you play FreeLotto subsequent to unsubscribing from all e-mails , you are giving PlasmaNet Inc. definite permission to resubscribe you to all mail types and your subscription to receive email results and other promotions will be automatically reinstated .
This is necessary because of the substantial amount of money you can win .
Your prize notifications are sent via email and it is important to respond to these emails to claim any prizes won .
Furthermore , it is the sponsor that makes FreeLotto prizes possible and in order to play our games you must agree to receive our sponsored messages .
If you wish to no longer receive any email from FreeLotto , you may at any time modify your registration with PlasmaNet by editing your profile on the " My Account > Unsubscribe " page of our website .
PlasmaNet collects IP addresses along with web stats and traffic sources , which does not personally identify our users , to administer the site , analyze site usage/trends , and report aggregate information to our advertisers .
This information is also used in your welcome email to confirm that in fact you have registered for FreeLotto and will be used in the event that you dispute registration .
In some cases an IP address is specific to your computer .
In other cases an IP address is randomly assigned with a block of IP addresses which are assigned by your ISP ( internet service provider ) every time you log on .
An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your ISP server .
Web servers - the big computers that " serve " up Web pages - automatically identify your ISP by its IP address .
When players request pages from PlasmaNet websites , our servers log and record the players ' IP addresses .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your registration , passwords , and references while you 're on our site .
The use of cookies is an industry standard - you 'll find them at most major Web sites .
By " looking " for a cookie our server can determine whether or not you have already registered to play .
Cookies help our server to know you are playing , so that you do n't need to register each time you play .
Cookies also help us to serve you better .
Through the use of cookies we can better understand what information interests you , providing more of what you like and want from FreeLotto and our advertisers .
Some examples of how we use cookies :  
A cookie lets our computers remember that you 've registered , which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites .
Think of it as a membership card .
Similarly , the cookie tracks which of our sponsors you 've visited so that we can continue to introduce you to new and interesting sponsors .
PlasmaNet may use information we collect through cookies for promotional or marketing purposes .
Use of cookies to do the record keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again .
If you decline cookies , you may have difficulty playing your selections and adversely impact your FreeLotto experience .
We make our cookies available on an anonymous basis to other advertisers and Advertising Networks so that they can serve you ads for products you are interested in .
For example , if you expressed interest in buying a new car you may receive ads about cars .
However , we DO NOT include personally identifiable information with the cookies .
We DO NOT use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally provided by you or provided by your browser in a visit to PlasmaNet 's web sites .
We do not use cookies to track other sites that you visit on the Internet .
You may get cookies from our advertisers if you visit their websites .
PlasmaNet and FreeLotto do not control these cookies , and these cookies are not subject to the PlasmaNet cookies policy .
The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard on the Internet .
As mentioned above , we share non-personally identifiable information with third party ad serving partners so they may bring you targeted offers .
This information can be associated with their cookies but will not include personally identifiable information such as your name or address .
You may review our advertisers ' privacy policies when visiting their sites .
To learn more about third party ad serving and how to opt out from a third party ad server 's cookie visit www.privacychoices.org .
Pixel tracking is a common online adverting tool , involving the implementation of an invisible pixel tag on a webpage you visit , that is used among other things to target and/or remarket ads ( through use of anonymous cookies ) , compile website usage stats , and measure the effectiveness of advertisements .
When employed as a targeting or remarketing tool , the information is collected in an anonymous cookie , which is then used by our advertising to display targeted advertisements to select audiences across the web .
For example , if you showed interest in FreeLotto by clicking on our ad in a Google search result , you may be served a FreeLotto advertisement when you visit another website later on .
This is made possible through the use of cookies ; however , the cookies do not collect personally identifiable information such as your name or address .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. analytics companies ) use cookies and tracking pixels on our site .
We have no access to or control over our partners ' use of these technologies .
To opt out of Google 's use of cookies , visit Google 's Ad Settings : www.google.com/settings/ads .
By using any PlasmaNet Inc. owned and operated websites , you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions , which include the PlasmaNet Privacy Policy , Official Rules of FreeLotto and the Terms of Use .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our websites .
We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this policy at any time .
Please check this page frequently for changes .
Your continued use of the PlasmaNet sites or your continued acceptance of our results e-mail following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
You have the right to revoke the permission you have granted to us to contact you by email as explained above .
PlasmaNet respects your privacy .
If you have any questions about this policy please e-mail termsofuse @
The Wowhead website is maintained by ZAM Network , LLC .
Protecting your privacy is important to us , and this statement is intended to make you aware of our commitments to you as an important visitor to our website .
This policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the collection and use of information collected online on the ZAM Network , LLC Website .
Other websites that may be affiliated with ZAM Network , LLC may have different privacy policies .
We may collect your personally identifiable information ( " Personal Information " ) when you visit the ZAM Network , LLC Website .
Personal Information , however , is not collected on this website unless you choose to provide it to us .
When making inquiries , ordering a product or requesting service information , participating in certain promotional activities , completing surveys , and generally corresponding with us , we may ask for certain Personal Information , including , for example , your name , mailing address , phone number and email address .
If you are on a part of our website that requires you to provide your Personal Information , it will be clear what Personal Information we are requesting .
We may also collect other information that is provided to us by your web browser .
This may include the browser you used to come to our website , the Uniform Resource Locator ( " URL " ) of the website that you just visited before visiting our website , which pages on our website you visit , any search terms you entered , which URL you go to next , and your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address .
Information is collected and used in various ways that will help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website , including those below .
Information collected while browsing through our website .
This information is collected to help run our site more efficiently , to gather broad demographic information , to monitor the level of activity on our site , and to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and promotion .
Product Inquiries , Placing Orders , Customer Service & Technical Support .
Information collected when you contact ZAM Network , LLC about our product and service offerings .
This information is necessary to identify your products or systems , understand the configuration of the products , diagnose your questions , and provide solutions .
Online surveys and polling .
Information collected you volunteer to complete surveys or participate in polls .
Surveying and polling is extremely important to us as we use this information to improve our product and service offerings .
When you enter a contest or other promotion , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and e-mail address to administer the program or activity , to send you promotional e-mails , notify winners and make the winners ' list publicly available in compliance with laws which may apply to such activities .
Newsletters and promotional e-mails .
As a service to our customers , we may e-mail you newsletters , promotional information and other information , using your Personal Information collected online .
These e-mails will only be sent to you if you have agreed to receive them and you have the right to opt out from further receiving them .
If you contact us , we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments , including any information therein .
We use this information to help us provide better service .
Sharing your Personal Information .
Unless we have your permission to do otherwise , we will share the Personal Information you provide online only with ZAM Network , LLC subsidiaries or affiliates or with entities that provide services to ZAM Network , LLC or are business partners of ZAM Network , LLC , and only for legitimate purposes including those described herein .
Personal Information we collect online is used for responding to inquiries , processing orders , keeping you informed about your order status , for statistical purposes , for improving our site and its performance , for developing better products and services , to serve advertisements , contests , surveys and promotions , and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you .
ZAM Network , LLC ( or part of it ) or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or their respective assets could be acquired .
Should such a combination or acquisition occur , you should expect that ZAM Network , LLC would share some or all of your Personal Information to continue serving you and other users of our website .
Occasionally , we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide your Personal Information to the appropriate authorities .
We will disclose your Personal Information if required by law , upon receipt of a court order or subpoena , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation .
We reserve the right to report to law enforcement authorities any activities that we , in good faith , believe to be unlawful .
Use of cookies and web beacons .
A " cookie " is a small data file that a website can send to your browser , which may then be stored on your system .
We use cookies to better serve you when you return to our site .
Some of our web pages may send cookies when you visit our site , make purchases , respond to online surveys or promotions , participate in a contest , or request information .
Accepting the cookies used on our site enables our web server to identify your system by reading the cookie that has been stored on your system , but our web server can not identify you unless you enter your Personal Information .
Cookies that are placed when visiting our site can not be used to obtain your Personal Information at another site .
The information collected online permits us to analyze traffic patterns on our site .
This can enable us over time to provide users with a better experience on our site by improving the content and making it easier to use .
Depending on the browser used , you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it , and you can also set your browser to turn off cookies .
However , if you do so , some areas of this site may not function properly , or you will be required to re-enter your Personal Information to use an area of this site .
We may also use web beacon technologies to better tailor the site to provide better customer service .
A web beacon is a single pixel .GIF that allows a website to count users who have visited that page or access certain cookies .
These web beacons may be placed on specific pages across this website .
When a visitor accesses these pages , an anonymous notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our vendors .
These web beacons work in conjunction with cookies .
If you do n't want to associate your anonymous cookie information with your visits to these pages , depending on the browser used , you can set your browser to turn off cookies .
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit http :
If you are under the age of 18 , please make sure that you provide your Personal Information only after obtaining your parental consent .
While ZAM Network , LLC does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur , ZAM Network , LLC does take care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information and in preventing unauthorized access to it .
Parts of our site contain links to our subsidiaries , affiliates and third-party websites for your convenience and information .
If you use these links , you will leave ZAM Network , LLC 's website .
When you access these other sites , even ones that may contain the ZAM Network , LLC mark , please understand that we do not control the content and are not responsible for the privacy practices of that website .
We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each website you visit .
This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to our site .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit Personal Information .
ZAM Network , LLC reserves the right to change this Online Privacy Statement at any time .
Any such changes will be posted in this Privacy Statement .
ZAM Network , LLC will protect your Personal Information in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of Delaware .
Read more at http : //www.wowhead.com/privacy# X6qCu2Q1r61IwoFr.
99 PRIVACY STATEMENT Last updated July 10 , 2013 OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT Ubisoft Inc. and its subsidiaries ( collectively , " Ubisoft " or " we " ) , respects the privacy rights of our visitors and users and recognize the importance of protecting all information that you may choose to share with us .
To further this commitment , we have adopted this Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) to guide how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us when you access Ubisoft 's websites , online games , online functions of offline games and any other online functions controlled by Ubisoft or mobile applications ( collectively , the " Services " ) .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy , please do not use the Services .
We reserve the right to change the provisions of the Policy at any time .
We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was revised .
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
This Policy and the certification seal shown on the Site confirm that Ubisoft is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
ESRB 's Privacy Online Program is designed to ensure that the Site 's information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and this Site has been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB .
What is Personal Information ?
What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests ?
How is your personally identifiable information used and shared ?
What choices do you have about the collection , use , and sharing of your personally identifiable information ?
Do we collect information for children under the age of 13 ?
Does this privacy policy apply to other websites linked to this Site ?
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information ?
How can you update your personal information and profile ?
How can you ask questions , or send us comments , about this Privacy Policy ?
As used herein , the term " personal information " means information that specifically identifies any individual ( such as a name , address , telephone number , mobile number , e-mail address , or credit card number ) , or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information .
Personal information does not include " aggregate information " , which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of services or users , from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed .
This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information .
Personal information also does not include a Device Identifier ( as defined below ) that is not connected to personal information .
We collect several types of personal information about our guests in a number of ways when you visit or use the Services :
Information You Provide to Us or Active Collection .
We collect certain information from you when you voluntarily provide it , such as if you : Create a Ubi.com account ; Apply for a beta tester position ; Subscribe to one of our newsletters ; Email-a-friend ; Participate in our community forums or chat rooms ; Shop at one of our online stores or purchase virtual items within a Ubisoft 's game ; Receive customer or technical support ; Participate in contests , events , or promotions ; Register product online for warranty protection ; and Polls , surveys , or questionnaires .
Typically , the personal information collected includes : Name ; email address ; telephone number ; shipping and billing address ; date of birth , and for those purchasing products through the Services .
Additionally , we may also collect demographic information such as your age , gender , country and zip code of residence , recent game purchases , and game ownership and preferences .
This demographic information may be associated with your personal information .
If this demographic information is connected with personal information , we will treat the demographic information as personal information .
Furthermore , Ubisoft may collect information regarding the user 's behavior , and his/her use of Ubisoft 's demos and in-game data such as achievements , rankings , time played to better adapt our products and Services to users ' interests and for a better quality of our services For some features of the Service , you may be able to submit information about other people .
For instance , if you wish to send a coupon or advertisement to a friend you may submit some of your friend 's personal information .
Ubisoft will use any such information that we collect from you about another person to carry out your request .
When you use the Services , some information is also automatically collected .
Ubisoft as well as any third party advertisers and/or service provides , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Services are accessed and used ( " Usage Information " ) .
For example , when you come to use or visit the Services , we collect your IP address or other unique identifier ( " Device Identifier " ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( collectively , " Device " ) you use to access the Services , your operating system , the browser type , the address of the referring web site and your activity on the Site or your console ID .
An Device Identifier is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university .
We also can use the Device Identifier to determine the general physical location of your Device and understand from what regions on the world the visitors to the Services come .
Standing alone , your Device Identifier is not personally identifiable .
At times , we also use Device Identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our websites .
If we combine this information with personally identifiable information , we treat this information as personal information .
Cookies We may also automatically collect certain information and monitor user activity through the use of " cookies " or web beacons ( also known as web bugs , pixel tags , tracking pixels , or clear gif 's or by monitoring a user 's Device Identifier ) on the Services .
If we link cookies to any personally identifying information , we will treat this information as personal information .
The web beacons we use do not collect any personal information .
If you wish to block , erase , or be warned of cookies on the Site , please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions .
However , if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect certain features on the Services .
Information provided by cookies , web beacons , Device Identifier 's or other devices may be used , among other things to analyze data , to determine the popularity of certain content , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests , to make recommendations to you and to better understand the usage and visitation of the Services and the effectiveness of Ads .
Finally , once you 've clicked on an advertisement and have left our websites , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website .
Third parties may also use cookies , web beacons , or other devices to collect information when you use the Services .
Ubisoft does not control any cookies or other data collection tools that may be placed on the Services by a third party , and this Policy does not cover the use of such cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the website and applications you use to find out more about the information that may be collected by third parties and the choices you have regarding the collection , use and sharing of such information .
Advertisements We may partner with third party online advertising companies to deliver advertisements on our Services .
Because your internet browser or mobile device must request these advertising banners from ad networks ' servers , these companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file , just as if you had requested a web page from the Service .
Please note that if an advertiser on a third party ad network asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , males ages 18-34 ) or audience segment ( for example , men ages 18-34 who have viewed video game related items ) and you respond to that ad , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
However , we would only authorize third party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting .
We would not knowingly permit a third party ad server to collect Personal Information about you .
If you want to prevent a third party ad server and/or third party service provider from sending and reading cookies on your computer or mobile device , you must visit each third party ad server network 's website individually and opt out ( if they offer this capability ) .
Information Received From Third Parties
We also may obtain certain non-personal information about you from third parties .
This information may include demographic , geographic , psychographic and other usage information that does not personally identify an individual user and may be associated with anonymous device ID and/or a console identification number .
You may also choose to participate in a third party applications or features ( such as one of our social network applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to collect and share ) information about you , including personal information .
If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or username associated with that third-party service , and any information you have made public in connection with that service or with the third party shares with partner services .
In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their providers and you are one of their " connections " or information about you is otherwise accessible through your " connections " webpage , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service .
The collection and use of this information is pursuant to such third party 's information collection practices , which are typically outlined in a privacy policy like this one , provided on the third party 's website or in an application .
This Policy does not apply to information received from third parties , and Ubisoft is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties .
We also may supplement the information we collect about you through the Services with our information from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Services .
In those cases , we will apply this Policy to any personal information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
We do n't sell or rent your personal information to third parties without your consent .
We do n't require personal information to access our website .
However , if you prefer not to disclose personal information , you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our website .
We use personal information we collect through the Site for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Site .
For example , we may use personal and other information we collect : To provide the services , products or information you request and to process and complete any transactions in connection therewith ; To request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your account or your use of the Services .
For instance , if you create a Ubi.com and your account is later cancelled ( e.g. , due to lack of activity ) , we may subsequently contact you to let you know that we 've reactivated your account for a short period of time .
We may also use your personal information for other purposes such as " Operational Uses. "  
For example , we may use your information to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our websites , including any future changes to this Privacy Policy ; To communicate with you and respond to your emails , submissions , questions , inquiries , comments , requests , and complaints and to provide customer service .
For instance , we may use your email address to send you service announcements that tell you about updates to our Policy , changing in pricing , changes to our online service or customer support policies , and other related service changes. ; To personalize and improve the Site and users ' experiences , to increase the functionality and user friendliness of the Site , to deliver advertisements , content , or features that match user profiles or interests , and to provide recommendations as to other advertisements , content or features that may be of interest to users ; To monitor and analyze the Site usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Site ; To provide you with news and information about our third party events , activities , offers , promotions , products , and services we think will be of interest to you ; To send you confirmations , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages , to detect and prevent fraud , and to otherwise facilitate your use of , and our administration and operation of , the Services ; To notify you about important changes to our Services ; To conduct surveys and to notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants ; and For any other purpose for which the information was collected .
We will not share the personal information we collect from you through the Services with third parties , except as described in this Policy or on the Site .
For example , we may share personal information as follows :
With vendors , consultants , and other service providers ( " Service Providers " ) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us From time to time , we may share your personal information with technical partners which help Ubisoft with the operation of the Services , including , without limitation , payment processing , and products delivery .
To the extent that our technical partners have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Policy ; Upon your request or with your consent , we will share your information with other users of the Site ; When you give us your consent to do so , including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ; With Advertising Partners to send you coupons , promotions , rewards , awards and advertisements you request ; To enforce or apply this Policy , our Terms of Use , or our other policies or agreements ; To enter you into a sweepstakes , contest , or promotion ; and To respond to your questions .
Aggregate Information We may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) .
This can include a Device Identifier , usage information and/or information that is not connected to personal information .
Given the nature of this information , no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information , and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information .
For practical reasons , we treat personal information submitted to us in a business capacity different from information we receive in a non-business capacity .
Personal information submitted to us in a business capacity ( e.g. resumes ) may be shared with third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
Purchase or Sale of Businesses From time to time
, we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale .
If we purchase a business , the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so .
If we sell a business , we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy ( including any amendments to this Privacy Policy ) .
The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings .
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures
to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures ( a ) are required by law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or ( b ) will help to : enforce our Terms of Use ; enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules ; protect your safety or security , including the safety and security of property that belongs to you ; and/or , protect the safety and security of our websites or third parties .
You understand that when you use the Services , any information you post in any interactive areas of the Services , including in any comments , listings , profiles , public or private groups or forums , as well as any information you share with individuals through public or private groups or forums , as well as any information you share with individuals through the Services or through social network sites or other social feeds , will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available .
We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums .
We are not responsible for the actions of third party service providers or other third parties , nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties .
Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information , which may be shared with third parties without your consent .
As mentioned above , you have control over the personal information you submit to us .
If at any time you decide to remove your personal information from our database , you may do so by visiting your profile section or contacting us at support.ubi.com or at support @
If you contact us by email , please include the name of the website you used to register and the email address you used to register with us so we can verify your request .
Your California Privacy Rights : The following applies solely to California residents who have an established business relationship with Ubisoft .
If we collect personal information from you , we may make the personal information available to third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes .
If you decide that you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies for their marketing and promotional purposes , please send an e-mail to support @ ubisoft.com .
In this email , state that you would like Ubisoft to not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes .
You opt out request will be processed within thirty ( 30 ) days of the date of which we receive it .
Ubisoft is very sensitive to privacy issues .
We are especially careful in any communications with children under the age of 13 ( " Child " or " Children " ) .
Ubisoft restricts access to certain Services on age grounds and , in certain jurisdictions , for certain Services and functions , asks for parent approval when a Child wishes to register for the Services .
When we intend to collect personal information from a Child , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including : Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to Children , including the types of personal information we may collect from Children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information
In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their Children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their Children Limiting our collection of personal information from Children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their Children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted More specifically , when a Child under the age of 13 registers , ( s ) he must supply the e-mail address of a parent or legal guardian who will be contacted by Ubisoft to ask him/her to confirm , refuse to modify his/her Minor 's registration .
Ubisoft reserves the right to limit the period during which a child under the age of 13 may play pending confirmation and activation by his/her parent or guardian .
Ubisoft reserves the right to ask for written proof of parental consent for any user or potential user of the services suspected to be a Child .
Parental consent applies exclusively to the specific service for which it has been granted .
Certain Services are specifically designed for Children and enable Children under the age of 13 to create their own free accounts for which Ubisoft collects their username , password , date of birth ( or age ) , country , and parent or guardian 's e-mail address .
Such services sometimes offer the possibility of paying for a subscription or certain game functions which enable Children to participate in more activies on the Services by making a payment .
The subscription services may also allow parents or guardians to manage their Child 's account and create their own player accounts .
Certain services enable Children to create personalized avatars which they can use in numerous activies in the services , including mini-games and virtual worlds .
Children may also use other functions of the Services such as " Recommend to a friend " to invite a friend to find out about the servies .
The " Recommend to a friend " functions enable Children to send their friends a single message inviting them to visit the related service .
Ubisoft will collect the first name and e-mail address of your Child ( or , failing that , the e-mail address of the parent or guardian ) and the e-mail address of his/her friend for the sole purpose of sending a single message .
This information is neither stored nor used for any other purpose and we do not reveal your child 's e-mail address to the recipient .
Parents may delete their Child 's Account or change their Child 's privacy settings at any time by creating a parental Account or by sending an e-mail to the administrator of the Privacy Policy , who is identified below .
In all cases , use of the Services by Children must take place under the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians and any use of the Services is assumed to have been validated by them .
AS FAR AS IS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGISLATION , UBISOFT DECLINES ANY RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING ANY ACTIVITIES WHICH MAY BE CONDUCTED BY CHILDREN WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THEIR PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS .
IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AND YOU GIVE YOUR PERMISSION FOR YOUR CHILD TO REGISTER FOR ONE OR OTHER OF THE SERVICES ,
YOU THEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS RELATING TO USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOUR CHILD .
The services may contain links to other websites .
For instance , purchases of Virtual Currency or Virtual Items for Ubisoft Services may be transacted on a third party processors site .
Any personal information you provide on linked pages or applications is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked sites , and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to or from the Services .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information .
The security and confidentiality of your personal information is extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and improper use .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
However , please understand that , despite our best efforts , no security measure is perfect or impenetrable .
To protect the confidentiality of personal information maintained in your account , you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person .
You are responsible for all uses of the Services by any person using your password .
Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused .
DESPITE OUR EFFORTS TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE , NO COMPANY CAN GUARANTY THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ITS SERVICES , INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA .
ACCORDINGLY , UBISOFT DISCLAIMS AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AND WARRANT
THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN YOUR PRIVACY OR THE SECURITY OF ITS DATA IN REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE " AS IS " AND UBISOFT MAKES
NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY .
You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration ( that is , your e-mail address or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you ) , by logging in and clicking the Edit Profile section , or contacting us at privacy @ ubisoft.com .
In your email , please include the name of the website you used to register so we can verify your request .
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails , texts , or other communications from Ubisoft , please follow one of the two options below
You must opt-out to receive promotional e-mails , texts , or other communications .
When providing your personal information , simply uncheck the box that asks whether you would like to receive such communications , and we will not send you any promotional information via these communications methods .
When you receive an e-mail , text , or other communications from us , it will contain a link or other instruction that allows you to stop the delivery of such messages from us .
If you decide to use this opt-out method , you will no longer receive special offers , valuable coupons , new product introductions or e-newsletters from Ubisoft ; however , you will continue to receive non-promotional communications from us , such as order confirmations .
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to privacy @
ubisoft.com or write us :
Privacy Rights Administrator 625 Third Street San Francisco , 94107
CA , USA Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials , unless you request it .
Ubisoft is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact ESRB at http : //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp .
: Privacy Online Program 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York ,
Last updated July 10 , 2013
Last updated on October 1 , 2013 TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification TRUSTe Children privacy certification Rockstar Games , Inc.,a United States company , its parent and its subsidiaries ( collectively the " Company " ) , respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through its products , services , and websites accessed through any internet-capable hardware platform including gaming consoles , personal computers , mobile computers , or smart phones , or in-game applications or any software platform including third-party hosts ( collectively the " Online Services " ) .
We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect , store , disclose , transfer , protect , and otherwise use the information collected in connection with our Online Services ( the " Privacy Policy " ) .
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY .
BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING OUR ONLINE SERVICES , YOU AGREE THAT ( i )
WE MAY TRANSFER , PROCESS , AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES
THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY ; ( ii ) WE MAY PROCESS YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY ;
YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY ; AND ( iv )
YOU WILL ABIDE BY OUR TERMS & CONDITIONS , CODE OF CONDUCT , AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT MAY APPLY .
THIS PRIVACY POLICY SUPPLEMENTS THE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES PROVIDED TO YOU WITH YOUR SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND/OR
BY YOUR CONSOLE MANUFACTURER .
In connection with specific websites , the Company has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability , and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please contact us at privacypolicy @
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at www.truste.com/watchdog/request .
THE TRUSTe PROGRAM COVERS SPECIFIC WEBSITES ;
IT DOES NOT COVER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED THROUGH SOFTWARE .
This Privacy Policy will explain :  Who this Privacy Policy applies to What this Privacy Policy applies to What personal and other information may be collected What gameplay information we may collect Special Notes Regarding Certain Information , Including Public Information , Resumes , Investor Relations , Email Correspondence , and Member Names/Gaming Console IDs
The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information How we use cookies , track IP Addresses , or use other passive means to collect information
Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information and how it will be used With whom , if anyone , your personal information will be shared What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information Links to other parties Whether personal information is collected from Children under 13 How we protect your information Your California Privacy Rights .
Where information is stored What other Company terms apply What other third-party terms apply How to ask questions or file a complaint This Privacy Policy applies to all Online Services users and , except as noted , all Online Services are being offered in the United States by the Company .
For Online Services offered by Rockstar Games used by residents of the European Union , the company Take-Two Interactive Software Europe Limited ,
Z1336431 , is the data controller responsible for your personal information .
Back to top of policy This Privacy Policy applies to the Company 's Online Services , including the TRUSTe certified Company websites , mobile applications , and other services that link to it or display it .
In addition , the Company may also own several other domain names that relate to its labels , feature its products , or point to its websites , and we may from time to time add new sites and services .
To view a complete list of these TRUSTe certified Company sites , please click on the TRUSTe seal on this page .
The Company complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
The Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services , and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline .
In addition , this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations ( such as those who promote the Company 's products and services or sell related items ) and the Company can not and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties .
In addition , please note that we may hire vendors ( agents or contractors ) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy .
These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes .
We use the third-party service provider Arvato Digital Services as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions .
Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions ; please review the Terms & Conditions of each product for more details .
As indicated at the point of purchase , such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service provider 's privacy policy and terms of service .
We also use third parties for various services related to the Online Services , including customer support , technical support , contest data collection , and email fulfillment .
When you enter a contest or sign up to receive a newsletter , we may share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide services on our behalf .
These third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy .
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page .
If necessary we will give you additional choices regarding such change in these notices .
Your continued use of the Online Services will signify your acceptance of these changes .
You may choose to voluntarily provide us with various personal information and non-personal information through your use of the Online Services .
We also may use " cookies " and other passive technologies including clear gifs to collect certain non-personal information from you in connection with your use of the Online Services , such as the pages you visit and the features you use .
Our cookies are linked to personal information .
Back to top of policy Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline .
The Company collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis .
When you submit personal information to the Company , it will usually take the form of :  Registration for Online Services , websites , jobs , products , contests , and special events ; Subscribing to newsletters or alerts ; Posting in or commenting on our message boards , forums , news blogs , chat rooms , or other Online Services ; Purchasing a product or services through our online stores ; Purchasing DLC , virtual items , or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services ; Using " tell a friend , " " email this page , " or other E-Card features ; Requesting technical support ; Downloading demos , programs , or other software ; Participating in polls , surveys , and questionnaires ; or Otherwise through use of our software , including console products , mobile products , and personal computer products , and through the use of our online products or Online Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation .
The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity .
The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name , e-mail address , phone number , photo , mailing address , or payment information .
In addition , we may collect demographic and non-personal information about you or your systems , such as your age , gender , date of birth , zip code , hardware configuration , console ID , software products played , survey data , purchases , IP address and the systems you have played on .
If such information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information , we may combine the information with your personal information .
Prize winners may be required to provide additional information for prize fulfillment .
If you use , purchase , or register for an Online Service through a third-party service such as a gaming console 's network service , an internet based gaming service , or a social network website , or request that we associate a Company account with a third-party service account , then limited user account personal information may be transferred to the Company as part of the registration process and we may be able to collect information about your use of the Online Services .
For example , if you purchase virtual currency through a gaming console service , that gaming console service will provide us with information to effectuate the transaction , including the amount of virtual currency purchased and a means to identify your Online Service account .
When you use an application on a Social Networking Site ( " SNS " ) , you allow us to access certain information from your profile from that SNS .
The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS .
For example , our Facebook applications may access and store some or all of the following information , as allowed by you , the SNS and your preferences : your " basic information " you have shared with everyone on the SNS ; your profile picture or its URL ; your friends list , your user ID number , which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo ; or other information indicated as part of the " Request for Permission " prompt from the SNS .
Your agreement to share this information takes place when you " accept " ( or similar terms ) one of our applications on an SNS .
Once your information is received from an SNS , that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The Company is not responsible for the terms , policies , disclosures or actions of any SNS .
When you use Facebook Connect , OpenID or another multisite ID to log in to an Online Service , those ID services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form .
Depending on your account settings , multisite IDs may also provide other information to us .
Please check the terms of those services before using them to log into an Online Service .
When you play certain software products published by the Company , information about your gameplay may be collected and transmitted to the Company through network services or any other internet connection method used by the hardware on which you play such games ( collectively and individually your " Internet Connection " ) .
See " What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect ? "
below for further details .
Back to top of policy When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware , the Company may receive information regarding your gameplay without any additional notice to you or actions taken by you .
The Company will not receive personal information such as your name and address , but may receive other information such as a console ID , gaming service ID , game achievements , game scores and performance , IP address , MAC address , or other device ID , other console/device use information , or other information and statistics regarding your usage of the games .
Information about gameplay may be collected while you are offline and transmitted to the Company when you next connect to the Internet whether or not you are currently logged into your Internet Connection from your console , handheld , mobile device , computer , or other gaming platform .
The Company may use such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy whether or not you register for or use the Online Services .
Back to top of policy Member Names & IDs/Gaming Consoles/Social Network Services/
Other Third-Party Services :
Certain Online Services offered by the Company , including multiplayer gaming and specialized websites , use third-party services to ( i ) provide authentication for Online Services ; or ( ii ) associate a Company service account with a third-party account such as a Gaming Console ID , Gaming Network Service account , or Social Network Service account .
When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account , you will be asked to provide account information associated with that third-party account .
Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you register to join an Online Service from a third-party gaming network system or link your Online Service membership with a third-party service , such as your friend 's list on that gaming network or social network service .
Public Information Including Message Boards , User Generated Content , Forums , News Blogs , Comments , User Profiles and Chat Rooms : Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board , chat room , comment field , or profile page , that information can be collected and used by other people .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there .
You should be aware that any personal information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or identify you .
If you post a video , image , photo , or other content through an Online Service for public view , you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied , and/or used by other users without your consent .
If your screen name or an ID contains your real name , then that name will be made publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere .
Therefore , you are strongly encouraged not to disclose personal information while using our services or use personal information to identify yourself while using our services .
We are not responsible for any public information or content you post using our Online Services .
E-mail Correspondence :
We may provide e-mail addresses or forms to which visitors can send us questions or comments , or which visitors can use to request customer support .
In the process of receiving and responding to such requests , we may collect personal information about you , such as your e-mail address or any other personal data contained in the body of your e-mail message .
By allowing you to send us these requests , we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you .
We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support .
In most cases , your message is deleted immediately after we 've resolved your inquiry ; however , in some instances , copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records , for quality control purposes , or to provide ongoing support services you have requested .
If we have actual knowledge that the person with whom we 're communicating is a child under the age of thirteen , we delete the child 's e-mail address and message immediately after responding .
In addition to responding to your email correspondence and sending you information you have requested via our email lists , we send activation emails and other transactional emails to your e-mail address as necessary .
You may not opt out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
If you do not wish to receive them , you have the option to deactivate your account .
The Company allows for the online submission of resumes .
Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings , and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy .
Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents , subsidiaries , or affiliates .
The Company provides investor relations materials on its websites .
Personal information collected on the investor relations ' portion of the Take-Two Interactive Software , Inc. website is used solely in a business capacity and is not governed by this Privacy Policy .
Back to top of policy Your refusal to submit personal information may limit your ability to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes or the use of certain Online Services .
However , as described above , regardless of registration we may nonetheless publish gameplay boards and multiplayer match records that contain certain information as a result of your use of the products , such as your player ID .
Back to top of policy The Company uses cookies , web beacons , and similar tracking devices for certain Online Services to collect information that is not personal .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , it may be linked to the non-personal information stored by these technologies .
A " cookie " is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user 's computer .
Our cookies do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other personal information ; they are typically used to quickly identify a user 's computer , browser , or device and to " remember " things about prior visits ( such as the user 's use of various features on the service ) .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer ; however , disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain Online Services .
Flash Cookies : We may also use flash cookies , also known as " shared objects , " on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small software files , do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other personal information , and are not tied to your personal information .
You can clear flash cookies already on your device by setting the Flash local storage setting to zero .
You may also prevent Flash cookies from being placed by adjusting your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com .
A " web beacon " is an electronic image that allows websites to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements .
Web beacons , like cookies , do not include personal information .
Internet Log Files : The Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons .
An IP address is a number that is used by a networked device and will identify your point of connection to the internet .
Depending on your network configuration , it may also identify your computer , or other device .
A MAC address or other device ID identifies one specific piece of hardware .
These log files are tied to your personal information in certain circumstances , such as if you have linked your console user account to Online Service accounts offered by the Company .
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies : Other information that may be passively collected by the Company includes log files that record information about your hardware , product use , service use , or website use , including website navigation and game telemetry activity .
We also use these log file entries for our internal marketing , service design , technical support , and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you .
Some of our Online Services are supported by advertising provided by the Company or various third-party advertising agents , such as ad networks , data exchanges , traffic management service providers and marketing analytics service providers ( Advertising Service Providers ) .
Such Online Services may place and use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information about your device and your use of Online Services .
The information such Advertising Service Providers may collect , or we may share with them , includes your device 's type , IP address , MAC address or other device ID , browser type , language , operating system and generalized geographic location ; the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your device , visited or viewed and the frequency of your visit/viewing ; and information regarding your use of or activities in connection with a website or Online Service ( e.g. , time spent using a mobile application or your purchases ) .
This information may be collected or shared when you use an Online Service , click on a webpage or an advertisement , or launch one of our game or other mobile applications that you have installed , and may be used : ( 1 ) to ensure that an Advertising Service Provider is accurately and properly paid for an advertisement it placed on our behalf ( e.g. , an ad that led you to purchase or download one of our games or other mobile applications ) ; ( 2 ) to help prevent you from seeing the same ads over and over again ; ( 3 ) to help select and display targeted ads or other content on your computer or other device ( such as on a website you are viewing or a mobile application you are using ) that may be of particular interest to you ; ( 4 ) to measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic in our Online Services and determine the popularity of certain content ; and ( 5 ) to monitor and analyze the usage of our Online Services , so that we can continually enhance and improve them .
Third-party Advertisers :
The Company works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information .
Please click on the links below to learn more about these vendors , their privacy policies , and the ability to opt out of their tracking programs .
Please note that the inclusion of a vendor in the list below does not mean that the Company is currently using their services or that it is currently conducting any campaigns that use such technologies .
We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies , and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing information to such parties .
Facebook Google Mediaplex Nielsen/Netratings Omniture Yahoo Additional information about individual opt-out programs is available on the World Privacy Forum website at http : //www.worldprivacyforum.org/cookieoptout.html .
In addition to visiting the websites of each of the vendors listed above , you may opt out of certain targeted advertising by multiple third-party advertising networks at one time if they belong to the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance .
Visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to select the applicable networks .
Back to top of policy When you submit information to the Company via our Online Services , or information is collected as described in this Privacy Policy , that information is received by the Company .
The Company uses this information to send you promotional materials , to provide you with access to our services , to fulfill product orders , to fulfill " tell a friend " requests , and to respond to questions or technical problems .
We also use your personal and other information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs .
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings , and achievements ) generated through your participation .
Users of certain Online Services , such as the Rockstar Games Social Club , may be automatically entered into contests as a result of their membership and/or use of certain services .
Check www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/events frequently for details regarding contests .
Online gaming and Social Networking Services are by their very nature open communities where gameplay information including user name , game activity , and leaderboard rankings are publicly posted for other people to see .
Therefore , the Company will automatically post certain information , such as your Screen Name or ID and gameplay statistics , within the game , on Social Networking Services , on Online Services , or on specialized game websites .
However , we will not post information that we know directly and clearly identifies you ( such as your real name or email address ) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use .
As with other gameplay information services , your gameplay , leaderboards , and multiplayer match information may appear nested in our games or third-party webpages via frames or widgets .
We may match and/or combine information collected in connection with various Online Services and display it publicly , including on our websites , in our games , or in multiplayer game lobbies .
For example , if you associate your Company website account with a game console account , your in-game achievements may be displayed combining your website account name with your in-game achievements .
Some of our Online Services allow you to link your account to SNS services like Facebook and Twitter .
Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you link your Online Service membership with SNS account , such as your friends list .
Some SNS services also give you the option to post information about the Online Services to their websites to share with others .
If you choose to use these features , your actions are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature .
Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services .
Some of our Online Services offer SNS features and Widgets , such as the Facebook " Like " button , Google + button , or the Share
These third-party SNS features may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly and may collect information about you when you use them , such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site .
SNS features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly by our Online Services .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature .
Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services .
From time to time , the Company may employ vendors to perform services on the Company 's behalf .
These vendors provide internal support to the Company by operating some of the services we provide you such as contest entry collection and email services .
Although these vendors , not the Company , may collect , use , or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services , the Company still requires that they adhere to the Company 's stated privacy policies and that they not share your personal information with third parties or use the information for their own marketing purposes .
Back to top of policy The Company may also share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
The Company may share your personal information to fulfill a request you have made , such as signing up for an email list or requesting customer support .
In the event we offer services or promotions where your personal information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party , we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion .
In addition , we may share aggregate information ( not personal information ) regarding Online Service usage statistics and user demographics with third parties , but this information will not include personal information .
We may share your personal information with third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability , including as required by law enforcement or other government officials .
We also may share your personal information with third parties when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users , or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , investigate , or enforce our terms and conditions , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on the Company .
In addition , your personal information may be disclosed to a potential or actual successor or assign in connection with a proposed or consummated merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event involving all or a portion of the Company , the Company 's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign .
Back to top of policy If you are a member of an Online Service , you may use that service 's account and privacy settings to personalize the collection , use and/or display of your data via that service .
If you do not want to receive certain communications such as newsletters or promotional offers , you may decline consent at the time your personal information is collected or later opt-out by using the methods listed below .
In addition to the methods below , along with every communication sent to you , the Company gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications .
If for any reason you wish to unsubscribe to Rockstar Games mailing lists please log in to manage your account or use the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any Rockstar Games email message .
To delete your Rockstar Games account , sign into your Social Club account , go to https :
/profile/requestdeleteaccount.html , and follow the instructions on the page .
If you are unable to log in to Social Club or you do not have access to your account , please email deleteaccount @
RockstarGames.com from the same email account you used to join Social Club , include your Social Club nickname in the message and include Delete Account in the subject field .
If you do not want your gameplay information to publicly appear via the Rockstar Games Social Club , then you should visit www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/privacy/opt and follow the instructions to opt out of our gameplay information services by masking your user ID .
Please note that , even if you opt out of participation in the Social Club , your gameplay information may still appear on certain gameplay boards including those hosted by third parties such as console manufacturers ( including copies of those boards hosted on the Social Club ) and the Company will continue to collect and store information regarding your usage of its games for internal purposes .
In addition to the above methods , if you wish to view , delete , or correct the personal information collected about you , you may also send an e-mail to privacypolicy @ take2games.com , or write to us at Take-Two Interactive , Attn : Internet Privacy Policy Administrator , 622 Broadway , New York , New York 10012 .
Please indicate your country of residence in your correspondence .
We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services contact us as described above under " How You Can Control the Collection , Use , and/or Display of Data or Review Your Data. "  
If your account is inactive for a period time it may be deleted .
If information is changed or deleted , we may still retain some of your information in our files to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , administer our services , comply with technical and legal requirements , and/or other constraints related to the security , integrity , and operation of our Online Services .
In all cases for all Online Services , we will respond to your request for access to update , delete , or correct inaccuracies to your personal information within 30 days .
Back to top of policy You should be aware that while you are on our websites you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization , or representation of our affiliation with that third party .
Because we can not guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet our high standards , we recommend reading the privacy policy of the website you link to before you submit any of your personal information Back to top of policy The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has submitted information to the Company , we delete this information immediately .
We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when using the Internet .
Back to top of policy To protect your personal information , the Company follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security , integrity , and privacy of the information you have provided .
The Company has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Personal information collected by the Company is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public ( e.g. , locked rooms ) .
To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information , the Company maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses SSL encryption for purchases made through our online store .
However , no system can be 100 % secure and human errors occur , so there is the possibility that there could be unauthorized access to your information .
By using our services , you assume this risk .
Back to top of policy Since 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
If this Privacy Policy states that any personal information may be shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , you may send inquiries regarding our disclosure policy to :  Take Two Interactive Attn :
Internet Privacy Policy Administrator 622 Broadway New York , New York 10012 privacypolicy @
take2games.com Back to top of policy All information collected or received by the Company in connection with the Online Services is collected in , processed in , or transferred to the United States of America and other countries .
While your information is in another jurisdiction , it may be accessed by the courts , law enforcement , and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions .
By using our services , you expressly consent to such collection , transfer , and processing .
Backup data , matchmaking data , and administrative data may also be stored on media or servers located in the United States of America and other countries .
Back to top of policy Use of our services and products may be subject to other terms , conditions and disclosures prescribed by the Company , console manufacturers and/or other partners , including : ( i ) the Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement that accompanied the purchase of the game ; ( ii ) terms of service , privacy policy , and code of conduct for our Online Services ; ( iii ) other terms and disclosures which are made available to you by the Company ; and ( iv ) the terms , conditions , and disclosures made available to you by third parties in connection with the use of their gaming consoles and/or Online Services .
All such terms , conditions and disclosures are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy .
Back to top of policy You may be able to sign up for or access the Online Services through third-party platforms such as gaming consoles , mobile devices , other websites and social networking services .
When you submit personal information to the Company via a third-party platform , your use of that platform is also governed by its terms of service , privacy policies and/or code of conduct .
Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services .
Back to top of policy For all questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy , contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at 646-536-2842 ; via email at privacypolicy @
take2games.com ; or , by regular mail at Take-Two Interactive , Attn : Internet Privacy Policy Administrator , 622 Broadway , New York , New York 10012 .
If you are a Rockstar Games Online Services user located in the European Union , please indicate that in your email , letter , or phone call .
Back to top of policy n4g.com Privacy Statement n4g.com recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of n4g.com .
We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users ' right to privacy .
n4g.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user .
n4g.com is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which we may provide links or the websites of our affiliates or advertisers .
n4g.com collects information about users during their registration for our newsletter and during their participation in certain activities on our website , including contests .
When users request pages from our server , our Web server automatically collects some information about the users , including their IP addresses .
These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users .
n4g.com does not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission .
By entering n4g.com contests , users consent to the use of their name in the announcement of the winners on the n4g.com site and/or Newsletter , and use of their name and likeness for advertising and/or promotional and/or marketing purposes .
Users ' contact information may also be used by n4g.com to notify the user they have won and to confirm their mailing address .
n4g.com may use user entered information in combination with site usage information to help display advertisements relevant to the users interest and navigation patterns .
n4g.com may use cookies to help in tracking these patterns but does not store or collect any personal data in combination with user supplied information .
Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters .
You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's " help " file .
For more information about cookies please visit http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/ .
n4g.com uses additional third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this Web site , other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
[ LINK TO NAI OPT-OUT at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp ]  Article
By accessing or using the ANKAMA websites ( collectively the " Website " ) , you acknowledge that you have read and accepted these rules concerning the use of personal data .
If you disagree with these , you are asked not to access the Website .
In some sections of the Website , for the needs of a specific activity ( contest , poll , etc. )  or to purchase products or services , the ANKAMA company ( the " Company " ) may ask you for certain personal details .
The use of these services is optional and you are , therefore , not bound to provide any of these details .
However , to purchase products and services or access certain sections of the Website you must provide it as precisely as possible .
ANKAMA will use the information in a responsible way , undertaking to make every effort to prevent its circulation .
ANKAMA reserves the right to take legal proceedings against any person who attempts to access personal details that does not concern them .
The personal details you sent us may be shared with other ANKAMA subsidiaries in countries outside the European Union , particularly Brazil and Singapore .
ANKAMA may also share your personal details with third party service providers situated outside the European Union , particularly Canada and the USA .
These details are sent to recipients outside the European Union to build good customer relationships .
ANKAMA has taken every necessary precaution to ensure that your personal details are sufficiently protected either under contractual clauses established by the European Commission , or because these transfers are carried out for an American company which complies with the Safe Harbor principles .
As a user , and in application of current legislation , you are the sole person authorised to access , modify and erase your personal details .
You can exercise this right through the online technical support , https : //support.ankama.com , or by post : Ankama - Personal Info , 75 bd d 'Armentires , BP 60403 , 59057
Roubaix cedex 1 , FRANCE indicating your last name , first name , e-mail address and home address .
The Company may need to gather navigation information for statistical needs via the use of cookies .
The acceptance of these cookies is compulsory for any subscription .
As regards external pages connected to the Website by a link pointing from these to the Website and vice versa , please note that ANKAMA shall not be responsible for their contents and their non-respect of this confidentiality policy .
