Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement .
We are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours .
If problems arise , users may contact via our contact form .
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us via our contact page .
For the amusement and greater good of all the gamers of FreeOnlineGames.com : We reserve the right to alter , delete , jump on , kick , smackdown , nuke or do with the reviews whatever we please .
If you have any objections with that , please refrain from posting - thank you .
Your privacy is important to us .
We provide this policy to better protect you , and to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
During user registration , we collect the following information : Username Email address IP address Birthday Country ( optional )
The username you supply will be used as an identifier when posting content to our website .
An email address is required to register for the forums as your login details will be sent to it .
Your email address will not be publicly displayed on any part of the website , but it will be visible to Team Liquid staff .
Your birthday is required to ensure our compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and will be displayed in your Team Liquid profile .
Your IP address is recorded to monitor abuse resulting from multiple registrations under the same IP address .
As part of our site features , we offer a forum and other features on which you can freely post any text .
If you choose to disclose personally identifying information , be aware that Team Liquid is a public web site and anyone is able to read your posts , so there is no expectation of privacy for user-generated content .
Where applicable , we will moderate any posts that violate US law in regards to information disclosed about other individuals .
The website features a private messaging system which allows you to send message to other users on the website .
The messages you exchange over the private messaging system can only be read by the recipient user account or Team Liquid administrators .
The Team Liquid administrators will only access private message details if they suspect the message might be spam / advertising or otherwise malicious in nature , or if required to do so by law .
We can not be responsible for any disclosure of private message contents by the recipient .
As an optional feature of the user profile page , you may upload an image such as a photo of yourself .
This image will be visible to other users through your Team Liquid profile page .
At any time , you can modify or delete this image through your user profile settings .
During your usage of the website , your browser will open connections and send requests to our web server .
The server will log each request with your IP address , date and time , status code , browser version ( user agent ) , HTTP referrer and the resource requested .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
We use the information you provide to better identify yourself to other users .
Your username , country and birthday can be viewed by anyone visiting our website .
Your username will identify you in any posts you make to the website forums .
Your email address will not be shared with third parties for marketing , spam , or promotional activities .
We may use your email address to identify you in moderation actions , for instance when a user creates multiple accounts and uses them maliciously .
Your email address will also be used to reset your password , though if you lose access to that particular email , we can change it or reset your password manually .
From time to time , we may use your email address to send low-volume important site announcements .
If you do not wish to receive these announcements , an opt-out link will be provided in each email and you may disable the emails at any time through your profile settings .
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers .
For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of 18 year olds play Protoss and Z number of SK Telecom Fans filled out our registration form , but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals .
The web server logs are used to troubleshoot issues with the website and to generate aggregate site statistics .
Should we determine that a problem with the site is being caused by a particular IP address , we may match the IP address in the log files with registered user accounts in order to initiate contact with the user causing problems .
Except as where required by law , we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
We use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information , such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and automatic login information .
Cookies are also used to track users to help prevent multiple user registrations from the same individual .
You may opt to disable cookies from your web browsers privacy settings , but doing so will negatively impact your ability to use the registered user features which rely on cookies to verify your identity .
Team Liquid runs on dedicated hosting servers which only a few trusted site staff have access to .
These servers are housed in a professionally managed and secure data center in New York , USA .
For compliance with US law , we prohibit children under the age of 13 from supplying any information to us which might contain personally identifying information .
You can access your country and birthday through your TeamLiquid profile page .
Making changes to your information requires inputting your password so that only authorized users may change your information .
Your registered email address can be changed by contacting an administrator .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections on your behalf .
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please talk to us by sending a Personal Message to any of the red named Moderators or contacting us via the " Contact " link at the bottom of the page .
From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Web site periodically .
General disclaimer ( Redirected from XBMC :
Privacy policy ) XBMC Media Center is a free and open source cross-platform media player and home entertainment system software .
The services for the XBMC software ( including developer tools , resources , download areas , files , source code , product information , documentation , communication forums , bug tracker , wiki , etc.
all collectively called " services " ) that the XBMC Project , its members , and websites provide are for the purpose of providing support to the XBMC community .
The structure of the project allows anyone to alter the contents of provided in these services .
These services and all content , products and services on them are provided on an as is , " with all faults " , and " as available " basis , without warranty of any kind , either express or implied .
Your use of these services is at your own risk .
XBMC disclaims all warranties , express or implied , including without limitation , warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
XBMC disclaims liability for any direct , indirect , incidental , special , consequential , exemplary , punitive or other damages , or lost profits , that may result directly or indirectly from the use of these services and any material that is downloaded or obtained through the use of these services .
This includes , without limitation , any damage to computer systems , hardware or software , loss of data , or any other performance failures , any errors , bugs , viruses or other defects that result from , or are associated with the use of this website .
None of the contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with XBMC in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these services .
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided by any of these services is being provided freely , and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of these services , the owners of the servers upon which it is housed , the individual contributors to these services , any project administrators , sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with the XBMC project subject to your claims against them directly .
You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site ; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of XBMC or any of its agents , members , organizers or other users .
There is no agreement or understanding between you and XBMC regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License ( CC-BY-SA ) ; neither is anyone at XBMC responsible should someone change , edit , modify or remove any information that you may post on any service provided for XBMC .
Only text is assumed to be released under the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License .
Images are assumed to be under a different license unless otherwise specifically noted .
Any of the trademarks , service marks , collective marks , design rights or similar rights that are mentioned , used or cited in the services provided for XBMC are the property of their respective owners .
Their use in any XBMC service does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar use as contemplated by the original authors of content provided by these services under the CC-BY-SA licensing scheme .
Unless otherwise stated XBMC are neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such XBMC can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials .
Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk .
Publication of information found in any of the services provided for XBMC may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information .
The servers providing these services are located in different locations of the world and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law in respect to their location .
Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution .
XMBC does not encourage the violation of any laws ; and can not be responsible for any violations of such laws , should you link to the domain of the websites of these services or use , reproduce , or republish the information contained therein .
Yes , it gives most of us a headache to read all of this , but it 's important so thank you for your patience and now , enjoy XBMC !
XBMC Log in / create accountProject
history Google Search Navigation Wiki help Toolbox
This page was last modified on 13 November 2013 , at 22 : 34 .
The Florida Lottery recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of the Florida Lottery website .
Therefore , visitors should be aware of the following information :  Visitors should be aware that , subject to certain statutory exceptions , most documents and records maintained by the state of Florida , including but not limited to electronic data , are public records under Florida law .
Therefore , information submitted through this website may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Records required to be maintained pursuant to the laws of Florida will be retained and disposed of in accordance with applicable record retention schedules .
In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our website , we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the website .
However , this information does not disclose " personal identifiers " ( such as name , address , telephone number , email address , etc. ) .
Each time a request is made to view a page within this website , our website creates a log file capturing generic user information .
Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , the date and time you accessed this site , the Internet protocol address of the individual computer ( or proxy server ) making the request , and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site .
All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only , and may be analyzed for trends and statistics .
This website will not collect personally identifiable information ( such as name , address , telephone number , etc. )  unless you provide such information voluntarily .
We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this website to your specific interests and needs ( including periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests ) .
You are free to provide or to not provide the requested information .
If you choose to not provide this type of information , you can still visit most of the website , but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums .
Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors , including personal information submitted on online forms and email , will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority .
Information submitted through this website also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Visitors who submit information via this website should be aware that data linking your computer to this website ( a " cookie " ) may be created .
Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction , to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction .
Information collected on our websites , including cookies , may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Some hypertext links on the Florida Lottery website link to other sites and other third parties .
By clicking on any of these links , you are leaving our website .
The Florida Lottery has no control over the information collected by any third party after you have left the Florida Lottery website .
The Florida Lottery encourages you to read their privacy policies .
The data collection , usage and disclosure practices of any third party linked to the Florida Lottery website are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
The Florida Lottery assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third party websites , including their privacy practices or content , or disclosure of information by third parties .
Reference to any websites linked to this site does not constitute an endorsement by the Florida Lottery .
The Florida Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any websites linked to this site , and any views expressed on such websites do not necessarily represent the views of the Florida Lottery .
You assume any and all risk associated with the use of any website linked to this site .
The Florida Lottery does not guarantee or warrant any information , services or products advertised or offered on such websites .
Any further questions concerning the privacy policy for the Florida Lottery website should be directed to the Lottery 's Customer Service Department or by phone at ( 850 ) 487-7787 .
4 : 32 PM on 03.25.2006 0 0
Destructoid is a trusted community site
so we hold ourselves to the highest privacy standards .
Simply put -- We would never sell your email address , nor share it with with anyone , or ever spam you -- ever , end of story .
We also have everything in place to keep the bad guys out .
We would also never ask you for your passwords , credit card , phone , etc .
We do n't even care if you do n't give us your real name , to be honest .
You have a privacy account page to help you manage your information .
By becoming a member of the Destructoid video game community , you are only agreeing to become a virtual person in our world and discuss video games .
Seriously , that 's all there is to it .
Yes , as it should be .
( ahem ! )  
We also follow all rules set forth by the Online Privacy Alliance Destructoid.com is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
The following statement details our ongoing support for the responsible collection and management of Internet user information .
When we display an advertisement on your computer , we do not collect any personal identifiable information about you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Destructoid.com does , like other Internet advertisers , collect certain information which can not personally identify you .
( Specifically : Cookies ! )
This category of information is generally referred to as non-personally-identifiable information includes information like the server or internet service provider you use , type of browser used .
There are some cases where you , the Internet user , may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a particular ad ( a survey or purchase order form ) .
In such cases the third party advertising with Destructoid.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser .
The advertiser in turn uses this information to reply to your request .
Furthermore , Destructoid.com does not divulge any information regarding the users who use email for correspondence with the webmaster or any representative of Destructoid.com .
Destructoid does not sell its own ads .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on our Web Site , other web sites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , check out http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
In layman 's terms : it 's just a cookie that says " hey you saw this ad already " or " ok , he clicked on a banner ad for leather rock pants , lets show this guy more of those. "  
We do n't share any information from your personal account with advertisers .
( i ) Entities that are not affiliated with Associate , such as Gaikai ( collectively , Providers ) may provide certain products and/or services ( e.g. , the Gaikai Service ) on behalf of Associate ; and ( ii ) Associate may disclose and/or share with Gaikai ( as a Provider ) certain data and other information regarding visitors ' usage of the Associate Site ( collective , Usage Data ) , and/or regarding the individuals who access and use the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content by means of the Associate Sites , and may allow Gaikai ( as a Provider ) to collect and use certain Usage Data and other information regarding such individuals , their respective computer system configurations and performance characteristics , and their use of the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content .
Such information may include information that is not personally identifiable ( e.g. , computer CPU , graphics card , stability of Internet connectivity , latency , etc. ) , and may also include personally identifiable information regarding such individuals ( e.g. , email addresses , etc. )  
and/or information that some jurisdictions consider to be personally identifiable information , such as an IP address .
Gaikai 's collection , retention and use of any and all such information shall be subject to Gaikai 's corporate privacy policy , as posted on http : //www.gaikai.com/
privacy , which policy may be amended by Gaikai from time to time , at its sole discretion , both during and after the term of the Agreement .
Even the best policy ca n't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances .
Unscrupulous advertisers , hackers , and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets .
Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities .
Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication .
Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages , including online greetings .
Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board , your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail ( also known as spam ) .
Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so .
Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name , password , or credit card information .
Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information .
Always monitor your children 's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use .
For more information , click here for the Internet Education Foundation 's Online Safety Guide for Kids .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Website , you can contact the site owner at niero @
I will do our best to reply within 48 hours .
Last modified October 8 , 2013 .
What does the Privacy Policy apply to ?
What information does Wizards collect ?
Chat , Forums , Blogs , and Discussion Lists Online Stores Promotions E-mail Web Postcards Resumes Online Surveys
Who is collecting my information and how will it be used ?
With whom does Wizards share my personal information ?
Social Media International Transfer of Information ?
Clear GIFs , Cookies and IP Addresses Log Files Linking to third party sites Opt-out Safeguarding your personal information Review , update , and removal of personal information Your California Privacy Rights Questions and Complaints Note to Parents Teenages
( Ages 13-17 ) Children
Under 13 Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information Notification of Updates to the Privacy Policy Parental Access Wizards
Contact Information Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the coolest information about the world of hobby gaming Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the latest about the world of hobby gaming , a place to meet and play with other gamers like you , and discover some of the best independent and strategy games available .
If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Wizards ' policy regarding the online collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below .
Wizards respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and is committed to providing you with a secure online environment .
We have adopted an Online Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) that guides how we collect , store and use the information you provide us online .
This Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that Wizards is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all our web sites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB .
Whenever you visit a web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of :  Exactly what personal information may be collected ; The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information ; Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information ; How this information may be used , including , with whom , if anyone , it might be shared ; Whether a company uses cookies or tracks IP Addresses to collect information ; What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information ; How a company ensures data security , quality , and integrity ; How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company collects and maintains ; Where and how to ask questions or file complaints ; and , Whether and how information is collected from Children under 13 .
If you have any questions , complaints , or comments regarding our privacy statement or policies , please contact the Privacy Policy Administrator .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/
For complaints , you can also contact ESRB Privacy Online directly through their consumer hotline , or by regular mail at 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor , New York , NY 10017 .
Back to top This privacy policy applies to all web sites operated or controlled by Wizards including www.wizards.com ( collectively , all such websites shall be referred to as the " Sites " ) .
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
Back to top Wizards wants to give you the most exciting Internet experience possible .
To help us figure out what you like and do n't like about our sites , we may ask for your opinion from time to time .
Wizards may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you :  create a profile to participate in Wizards community features shop at one of our affiliate online stores give credit card information to make purchases from our Sites * enter a shipping and billing address when making a purchase participate in contests , events , or promotions send questions or comments to Wizards customer service submit your resume to us online fill out online surveys
* While Wizards may collect credit card data from its customers from time to time , it will also use third party credit card processing companies to process your payment transactions .
When it is using such a third party processing company , Wizards will not have access to your credit card data .
The requested information may include personal information such as your name , e-mail address , telephone number , and home address .
In addition , we may request demographic information such as your age , the gender and birth dates of children in your household , and toy and game ownership and preferences .
If you are under the age of 13 , some features of the Sites may be unavailable to you .
For others , you will need your parent or guardian 's consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities .
Kids , if you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Site , ask your parent or guardian for help .
See Note To Parents below for more information .
To register an account with Wizards , you must provide a date of birth , first name and last name , city , country , postal code , gender , e-mail address , password and screen name .
Your personal profile ( Your Profile ) will be automatically populated with the screen name , birth date , gender , country and postal code you provided at registration .
The information in Your Profile , including any information or content you voluntarily add to Your Profile such as first and last name and images you upload , will be made public by default and will not be subject to this policy , unless you set Your Profile to Private .
To change Your Profile privacy settings , go to Your Profile page and click on Profile in the left navigation menu .
Then click Privacy Settings .
In this section , you may also change Your Profile information , who can view your page and activity , and who can contact you on the Site , as well as control how we communicate with you .
Your Profile will be searchable by screen name , full name , city , state/province , country , age , and postal code .
You can change this by selecting Exclude me from search results in Privacy Settings .
Please note : The photo you selected ( you are not required to upload a personal photo ) as your avatar and your screen name will always display on your page , posts , and in search results .
If you choose to populate Your Profile with your full name , your full name will display on Your Profile unless you set Your Profile to private as described above .
Information and content you choose to make public either through Your Profile , or by posting on the Sites , are not subject to this policy .
Wizards collects information from you at other points on the Sites , as described below :  Message Boards , Blogs and Social Networking Wizards provides message boards , blogs and other public forums on the Sites for exchanging information and social networking .
Please note that information , user content or any other materials that you post on our Sites , including any information from Your Profile that you choose to make public , will be available for any user of that service to read , and are therefore no longer private and may be disclosed without limitations as to use by a third party .
If you post information , materials or other content on the Sites or other public forum , you are providing information that can be collected and used by others that you do not know for their own purposes , including the distribution of unsolicited communications .
Online Stores Visitors purchasing goods and services through one of our affiliate online stores will need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date , in addition to name , mailing address , phone number and e-mail address .
To participate in some of our promotions , you may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name , so that we can let you know if you won a prize .
For other Wizards promotions , we may request your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail .
Customer Service E-mails
By requesting your e-mail address to respond to your customer service question or comment , we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you for marketing purposes .
We will only use personal information ( such as name , mailing address and e-mail address ) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail .
Although we may retain your name , e-mail address , and other information you provide , we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments .
Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) Participants including store owners and event organizers have the opportunity to sign up with the Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) in order to participate in organized play events .
Participants must provide certain identifiable information to be eligible to participate in these events .
Our Sites allow for the online submission of resumes .
Personal information collected from resumes is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
However , we can assure you that such information will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings .
In order to improve the user experience at our Site , we may employ online surveys for visitors to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit our Sites and what we can do to make them better .
Information collected through these surveys is anonymous ; we can not identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through another means .
Whatever the activity may be , we will only collect information to the extent it is reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives .
If you do not want to submit personal information when requested , you will not be able to access certain areas on our Sites or take advantage of certain features of our Sites .
However , you do not need to provide personal information to Wizards in order to use our Sites .
Back to top Wizards collects the personal information you provide on our Sites .
We may use the information you submit to our Sites to send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest .
We may also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and can better meet your needs .
The demographic information ( e.g. , age and gender ) you provide us is collected by Wizards and may be disclosed in aggregate to third parties .
This aggregate demographic information can not be used to personally identify you or your computer .
Third parties who fulfill Site-related services such as hosting may collect the personal information you provide on our Sites .
These third parties will not use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the Site-related services , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of your personal information .
Third parties that advertise through or serve ads on our Sites may gather non-personally identifying data about the advertisements you viewed and the Site pages that interest you through the use of cookies and clear GIFs ( these technologies are described below ) .
This information helps advertisers determine which kinds of advertisements you might prefer .
Wizards ' privacy policy does not cover the policies or practices of these third parties .
Visitors should consult the third parties ' privacy notices .
Back to top Wizards may share your information with its related entities , including its parent and sister companies .
Wizards may share your personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These entities will not use your personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
Wizards also may disclose your personal information in order to fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
Also , if you make a purchase on one of our sites , your credit card data may have to be disclosed to an unaffiliated third party payment processing company as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
In the event that such data is shared , Wizards will take all reasonable steps to ensure the applicable third parties protect the data adequately .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
Except as set forth herein , Wizards of the Coast LLC , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties .
However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law .
You also can engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or third-party social media plug-ins and applications ) .
When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications
, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , ) from your interaction with our content .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Wizards may transfer that information to its parent , affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :  
* the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and * the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
Back to top Clear GIFs , sometimes called " web bugs " or pixel tags , are file objects , usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF ( Graphics Interchange Format , one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web ) , that are placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior .
The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page , the URL of the page the GIF is on , the time the page was viewed , the type of browser used , and it can also identify a previously set cookie value .
This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to Wizards and we use this information to accurately count visitors across our web sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of web sites .
Wizards does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information .
Wizards uses " cookies " to enhance your experience at our Sites .
Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site , how often they visit that site and what content they are most interested in viewing .
For example , a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or " IP " address ( an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet ) , such as the time and duration of your visits , how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site .
Wizards ' web sites collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our web sites .
When visitors request pages on one of our web sites , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses .
We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our community rules Code of Conduct or posted Legal Notice , or to protect our services , web sites , customers , or others .
Back to top Other information passively collected by Wizards is in the form of logs -- files that record web site activity and gather statistics about web users ' browsing habits .
These entries are generated anonymously , and help Wizards determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have visited our web sites , which pages they 've visited , and other similar data .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you .
Back to top To provide relevant information not found on our Sites and to facilitate online shopping , Wizards may provide links from our Sites to third party web sites .
We encourage our users to read third party sites ' privacy policies before submitting personal information ..  
If you do not want Wizards to send you e-mail or regular mail about our products and/or services , you can opt-out at the time of registration or at the time of information collection .
If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Wizards ' e-mail list , you can do so by using the link included with a Wizards e-mail or by contacting customer service .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us .
Any information provided to us is housed in a PCI-certified secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel secured with passkeys and under 24-hour video surveillance .
Wizards uses Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt the personal information that you send to us through account registration and payment processes .
We store your information in an encrypted format .
Back to top If you have registered with our site , you may at any time review
and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by contacting customer service .
Please be sure to include in your message the name of the feature for which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Wizards who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , contact customer service :  Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Any questions or complaints about Wizards or this privacy statement can be addressed by contacting Customer Service : Wizards contact options : Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ We reserve the right to change this statement at any time , so visit this page from time to time to check for changes .
For additional information about our web sites , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use .
Back to top Wizards has developed its web sites to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages .
Wizards recognizes that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on the web sites or how the web sites operate .
That is the purpose of the Privacy Statement .
Please discuss this statement with your children so that they will better understand how to use the web sites and the information they may be asked to provide .
Wizards strongly believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the web sites will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the web sites , as well as protect its users ' privacy .
If you have any questions or comments about our policy , please contact us using the Contact Information provided below .
For all other issues , please contact Wizards Customer Service .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Teenagers ( Ages 13-17 )  Wizards may collect personal information from users over 13 and under 18 ( " teenager " ) .
When a web site user in this age category submits personal information , Wizards may request a parent or guardian 's e-mail address to notify the parent or guardian of the teenager 's activity .
Personal information collected from these visitors is subject to the policies set forth above ..  
Back to top Children Under 13 Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Wizards may collect and store personal information about children under 13 ( " children " or " child " ) if it is submitted by way of our registration form and with the parent 's or legal guardian 's verifiable consent .
To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all users who wish to register to submit their date of birth .
Those users that indicate they are under 13 years of age are directed to a Parental Consent Form .
The Parental Consent Form is available for viewing here , and it must be signed and returned to Wizards by mail or fax , before we will collect information from users who have indicated they are under 13 .
If given verifiable permission from a parent or legal guardian , Wizards may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , e-mail address , mailing address , parent 's or legal guardian 's name , and parent 's or legal guardian 's email address .
Wizards may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information .
Wizards will only collect this information if it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child or parent/ legal guardian and provided with the parent 's or legal guardian 's signed permission .
We do not gather personal information about a child through the use of passive collection mechanisms such as cookies .
For more information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on cookies ( provided above ) .
The information that a child provides on his/her registration form may be used to : ( a ) allow the child to participate in activities on our web sites ( e.g. , contests ) ; and , ( b ) allow us to send the child promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest .
Wizards may share kids ' personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal website support operations ( e.g. , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These entities will not use kids ' personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can constantly improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs .
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
To read about the steps Wizards takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on " Safeguarding your personal information " ( above ) .
In some instances , certain portions of our web sites ( e.g. , electronic postcards ) will allow children under 13 to submit personal information such as their e-mail addresses without first obtaining their parents ' or legal guardians ' consent .
Such portions of our web sites operate activities or provide services in a way that does not require prior parental consent under the law .
Other areas of our web sites will facilitate a child 's participation in our Community features such as forums , wikis , and blogs , as well as creation of a profile .
Your child 's participation may result in public disclosure of the personal information he or she posts through these features .
We will take all reasonable measures to delete any personal information of a child posted through our Community features if and when such information is discovered .
Back to top Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information Wizards may share children 's personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These web sites will not use this personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
Wizards , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties .
However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law .
Back to top Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information your child provides to us .
Any information provided to us is housed in a secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel .
Back to top Notification of Updates to Privacy Policy Changes to the privacy policy will be made to this page .
We may also notify customers via email and/or other means , in our discretion .
Back to top Parental Access A parent who has already given Wizards permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information or discontinue further collection and use of the child 's personal information .
To do so , please contact us using the contact information below and be sure to include the following :  Your child 's name and e-mail address
Your name and e-mail address
The name of the feature for which your child is registered We will be happy to honor your request .
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ Back to top Wizards Contact Information
Any personal information that a child provides to our web sites for purposes of registration is collected by Wizards .
Wizards contact information is as follows :  
Wizards contact options :  Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast ATTN : Game Support P.O .
Renton , WA 98057-0707 Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time : US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496 Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069 Submit a help request ( requires creating an account or signing in to your account ) : http : //wizards.custhelp.com/ webregistration @
wizards.comWizards is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
If you believe that we have not properly responded to your inquiry , you may also contact ESRB Privacy Online at http
: //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp ESRB Attn.
: Director , Privacy Online 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York , NY 10017 privacy @ esrb.org
