Imperia Online LTD Privacy policy Imperia Online LTD take the protection of your personal information very seriously .
The following privacy policy will provide you with information about the personal information that is collected and how it is processed and used .
This Privacy Policy applies to all services which are offered on Imperia Online LTD internet sites , and the individual online game sites .
Unless stated otherwise , this Privacy Policy exclusively regulates how Imperia Online LTD treats your personal information .
In case you make use of services provided by third parties , the Privacy Policy conditions of these third parties apply exclusively .
Imperia Online LTD does not revise Privacy Policy conditions of third parties .
In case you have any questions concerning privacy policy matters , please contact support @ imperialsupport.org .
At this address , you can inquire about privacy issues , review , change or delete your personal information stored by Imperia Online LTD .
Alternatively , you can also contact us using the above mail address .
Please - if possible include the online game that you play , the server and your username .
Generally , you can access our Internet offering without disclosing any personal information to us .
It is always your choice whether or not to provide us with your personal information .
We collect your information to be able to fulfill the services contract with you .
In addition to monitoring compliance with the terms and rules this includes in particular the proper handling of your payment orders .
If you would like to register on our Internet sites or subscribe to our newsletter it is necessary to provide personal information .
This information includes , for example , your name , phone number , address , e-mail address and other personal information which Imperia Online LTD may query in individual cases .
In many cases it is possible to use Imperia Online LTD 's services by using pseudonyms .
Users are encouraged to make use of this feature .
In addition , individual information such as IP address , browser type and access time will automatically be transferred to us by your computer and stored on our server .
Except for the purpose of prosecuting unauthorized use of our website , we evaluate such information only for statistical and performance-related purposes .
Where possible , the information is anonymized .
In order to make the visit to our Internet sites as pleasant as possible , we use , like many other companies , the so called cookies .
After your visit to our website , these cookies are usually automatically deleted from your hard drive .
Your Internet browser can be set to reject cookies generally .
This can lead , for technical reasons , to restricted functioning of our Internet offerings .
We gather , process and use personal information unless already permitted by statutes only with your consent .
If this consent is made in an electronic manner in the context of our online offerings , we shall fulfill the legal requirements to inform you about it .
We use your personal data in order to constantly improve our range of services and to satisfy the user 's needs .
Imperia Online LTD uses your personal information for the establishment , processing and settlement of your user relationship with Imperia Online LTD and the processing of payments .
Furthermore , we use your information in order to communicate with you .
This includes that we , as the case may be , inform you about novelties of our services via e-mail .
We use your personal information in order to inform you about products , services or certain events which could be of interest to you on a regular basis .
You will be informed as part of this communication that you may cancel the subscription at any time .
Finally , we use your information in order to protect our web pages and to trace unauthorized accesses .
As a matter of course , your data will not be sold to third parties .
Imperia Online LTD exclusively transmits your personal data to the following extent : We work together with payment providers ( e.g. credit card companies , banks , PayPal , mobile services , etc. ) .
These service providers only have access to your data to the extent which is necessary for the completion of their tasks .
These service providers are obliged to treat your data according to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes .
In the case that Imperia Online LTD , companies controlled by Imperia Online LTD , particular affiliated companies or parts of the company are sold , your customer information will generally be passed on with the sold part of the company .
Of course , in this case your data is also subject to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes .
If your data is no longer necessary for the above-mentioned purposes including the settlement , for tax purposes or other legal reasons , it will be deleted .
We process the information collected from you according to the European Union data protection law .
All employees are obliged and have been advised to maintain data confidentiality and privacy obligations .
When submitting payments the transfer of your information is protected by SSL encryption technology .
E-mail Imperia Online uses the email addresses of players for registration in the game , and to inform players about promotions , events , changes in Terms and Conditions , and does not provide their email addresses to third parties unless requested by departments related with the legislation of the Republic of Bulgaria .
Upon registration , you automatically subscribe to our electronic newsletter .
In case you do not want to receive newsletter from Imperia Online on your email , you have the option to unsubscribe via the button Unsubscribe\ " beneath the informative text in any newsletter .
Newsletters include : - letter to a player who has been absent from the game for a while including an external link to the game , providing bonus resources - letter reminding the player about a start of a new era in a realm in the game , including an external link to the game , providing extra premium membership - letter to invite a player from an older version of the game to register in a newer version , including an external link to the game , providing extra premium membership - letter for receiving a daily bonus of resources in the game Address : Imperia Online Ltd. bul .
Tzar Boris III 1 , floor 4 Sofia , 1612 Bulgaria Phone/Fax : + 359 [ 2 ] 954 91 28 office @ imperiaonline.org CURSE , INC. & CURSE , LTD .
PRIVACY POLICY Last updated October 2 , 2012 Welcome to Curse !
Curse , Inc . & Curse , Ltd .
( Curse , we , us or our ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of the Curse www.curse.com websites where this Privacy Policy is posted ( the Site ( s ) )
( we refer to the Site ( s ) , the services and software made available through the Site ( s ) , collectively , as the Curse Features ) .
As such , we have established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform visitors to the Site ( s ) and users of the Curse Features how we use and protect the information we collect through the Site ( s ) .
By visiting the Site ( s ) or using any of the Curse Features , you consent to Curse ' collection , use , storage , deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and is only applicable to the Site ( s ) and not to any other website that you may be able to access from the Site ( s ) which may have its own data collection and use practices and policies .
This policy answers the following questions :  What information do we collect about you and how do we use it ?
Will we share your personal information with third parties ?
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information ?
What security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information ?
Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you .
You do not need to submit personal information to access certain areas of the Site ( s ) , but if you do not want to disclose certain personal information to us , you will not be able to access certain aspects of the Curse Features .
We collect personal information when you create an account through the Curse Features ; subscribe to our newsletter ; participate in chat rooms , forums , polls , surveys , and questionnaires ; participate in contests , sweepstakes , other promotions , or opt into third party offers and/or newsletters ; purchase a product through the Curse Features ; register a product that you have purchased ; or receive customer or technical support .
To create an account for the Curse Features , we require you to provide your name , email address and country in which you reside .
You will also need to create a screen name .
When you are purchasing premium services or products through the Curse Features you may have to submit personal information to our billing partner , PayPal , including your email address , billing address and additional billing information depending on your preferred method of payment through PayPal , such as your credit card number .
When you enter a contest or sweepstakes with Curse , in addition to your screen name , name and email address , we will ask for your mailing address in case we have to mail you a prize , and may ask you to opt into receiving a third party 's offers and/or newsletter .
Additionally , we may also collect other types of information ( known as demographic information ) such as your gender , hobbies , occupation , platform preferences , and other game ownership information .
This demographic information may be associated with your personal information .
The personal information you provide to us will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service questions or issues ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers .
We also use your e-mail address to send you messages about the Curse Features and other general announcements .
We keep track of your interactions with us , including but not limited to your activity within the Curse Features .
We may use personal information that you provide to us to send messages to you in response to your request to perform an activity in connection with your use of any of the Curse Features .
We may also use your personal information to contact you when necessary .
Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a visitor 's browser and are stored on the visitor 's hard drive .
Like many websites , we employ cookies in certain areas of the Site ( s ) to allow us to provide information which is targeted to your interests and to make your online experience more convenient .
For example , when you return to one of our websites after logging in , cookies provide information to the website so that the website will remember who you are .
Should you disable cookies in your browser , you will have to provide your screen name and password each time you log in .
Additionally , advertisements that are managed by third parties which may appear on the Site ( s ) use cookies .
Advertisers use cookies to collect non-personal information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements .
You may not realize this information is being collected .
Advertisers use this information to monitor the performance of their advertisements .
In some cases , we may have access to information from cookies used by these advertisers on the Site ( s ) and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated such advertisers .
Our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Site ( s ) .
Additionally , some of the Curse Features may collect information regarding your computer system .
This information includes your Internet Protocol address , your browser type and version , the search engine you used to find the Curse Features , if any , the operating system your computer uses , the type of computer hardware you have ( such as the amount of RAM , the type of GPU or type of CPU in your computer ) which Curse Features you use and when and how long you use them .
We use this information to monitor and analyze how users use the Curse Features , to provide customer service and to maintain and improve the Curse Features .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
We take children 's privacy seriously , and encourage parents to play an active role in their children 's online experience at all times .
We may use your personal information to provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties .
We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , affiliation , position , interests and other non-personal information about customers .
In addition , we will share the personal information we collect from you under the following circumstances :  Protection of rights .
We will share personal information if we have a good faith belief that ( i ) access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , such as a court order or subpoena , or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities , ( ii ) such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Service for the Curse Features , including any investigation of potential violations thereof , ( iii ) such action is necessary to detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues associated with the Curse Features , or ( iv ) such action is appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Curse , its employees , users of the Curse Features or others .
If we become involved in a merger , acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of Curse 's assets , user information , including personal information collected from you through your use of the Curse Features , could be included in the transferred assets .
Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site ( s ) .
We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf .
For example , have partnered with other companies to host and manage contests , fulfill product orders and prizes , and process payments .
Additionally , we may partner with other companies to process consumer surveys , or to process , analyze , and/or store data .
While providing services for us , these companies may access your personal information .
To the extent applicable , we require these entities to comply with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We may also share your personal information with third party partners when you have opted into receiving third party offers and/or newsletters on our Site ( s ) .
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes when you have not opted into receiving or have opted out of receiving such third party offers and/or newsletters through the Site ( s ) .
You may request that we stop sharing your information with a third party or third parties for direct marketing purposes after you have opted into such disclosure through the Site ( s ) by emailing us at support @ curse.com and informing us of your desire for us to stop providing your information to a specific third party or a list of specific third parties .
Curse 's disclosure to third party partners may be made for cross promotional purposes , but Curse will not receive compensation as the primary consideration for such disclosure .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third party websites linked to the Site ( s ) or third party offer and/or newsletter opt-ins provided through the Site ( s ) .
Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies , we are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information .
You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information collection , use and disclosure policies .
When you have clicked on an advertisement or third party logo displayed on our Site ( s ) which links you to a different website , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website .
The Curse Features may also have message boards , forums and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another .
When you post to a message board , forum or chat area , please be aware that the information you post is made publicly available on-line and you do so at your own risk .
We may use third-party advertising companies , such as Yahoo ! , Google , OpenX , Lijit to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , see the Digital Advertising Alliance 's or Network Advertising Initiative 's website .
You may update or delete your personal information or modify your account preferences for the Curse Features by accessing the My Account area of the Curse Features or sending us an email to support @
curse.com requesting us to update or delete your personal information .
Please note that when you delete your account , we may retain your account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities .
If you no longer want to receive our newsletter , e-mails or other announcements , you may unsubscribe by selecting unsubscribe in your account , writing to us at contact @
curse.com or replying to the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our e-mails .
Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions .
If you wish to unsubscribe from any newsletters , offers , e-mails or other announcements from our third party advertising partners that you have opted into through the Site ( s ) , you will need to contact such third party advertising partner directly through their independent website ( s ) .
If you are a resident of a country outside of the European Union , you also agree that , in the event any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Policy that you and Curse will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly between the parties .
You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five ( 45 ) days after notification ( via certified mail or personal delivery ) that a dispute exists , all parties shall join in mediation services in San Francisco , California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute .
Should you file any arbitration claims , or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation , then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorney 's fees , even if you would otherwise be entitled to them .
If you are a resident of the European Union , in the event that you have any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy , you may report your claim to the European Union Data Protection Authorities located in your jurisdiction .
The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers , which are located in secured facilities with restricted access , and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information .
In addition , we restrict access to personal information to Curse employees , independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop , operate and maintain the Curse Features .
All Curse personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information .
However , no server , computer or communications network or system , or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect user information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use of any of the Curse Features and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk .
Once we receive a transmission from you , we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems .
Curse complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Curse has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Curse 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and we will post all changes on this page .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy , please contact us by email at contact @
Please read the Terms of Service and Premium Subscription Additional Terms of Service governing the use of the Site ( s ) and the Curse Features .
From Bulbapedia , the community-driven Pokmon encyclopedia .
Bulbagarden.net recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of Bulbagarden.net .
We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users ' right to privacy .
Contents [ hide ] 1 General 2 Information collected by Bulbagarden.net 3 Use of information 3.1 Contests 3.2 Cookies & Advertising Bulbagarden.net uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user .
Bulbagarden.net is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which we may provide links or the websites of our affiliates or advertisers .
Bulbagarden.net collects information about users during their registration for our newsletter and during their participation in certain activities on our website , including contests .
When users request pages from our server , our Web server automatically collects some information about the users , including their IP addresses .
These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users .
Bulbagarden.net does not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission .
By entering Bulbagarden.net contests , users consent to the use of their name in the announcement of the winners on the Bulbagarden.net site and/or Newsletter , and use of their name and likeness for advertising and/or promotional and/or marketing purposes .
Users ' contact information may also be used by Bulbagarden.net to notify the user they have won and to confirm their mailing address .
Bulbagarden.net may use user entered information in combination with site usage information to help display advertisements relevant to the users interest and navigation patterns .
Bulbagarden.net may use cookies to help in tracking these patterns but does not store or collect any personal data in combination with user supplied information .
Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters .
You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's help file .
For more information about cookies please visit http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/ .
Bulbagarden.net uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
NVIDIA Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Notice
Your California Privacy Rights :
Effective January 1 , 2005 , under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ( known as the " Shine the Light " law ) , if an individual who is a California resident has provided personal information to a business in connection with a business relationship that is primarily for personal , family , or household purposes , and if that business has within the immediately preceding calendar year disclosed such an individual 's personal information to a third-party and knows or should have known that such third-party used the information for its own direct marketing purposes , then that business is obligated to disclose in writing to such individual upon request , what personal information was shared and with whom it was shared .
A business may comply with this law by : ( i ) having EITHER a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer 's personal information for third-parties ' direct marketing use unless the customer has first affirmatively opted in to such sharing OR a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer 's personal information for third-parties ' direct marketing use if the customer has opted out to prevent his/her personal information from being shared for direct marketing use ; AND ( ii ) notifying the customer of his/her right to opt out and providing a cost-free means for the customer to exercise that right .
Any request for a disclosure required under this California law should be sent to us via email at CaliforniaPrivacyDisclosure @
Please note that under this law , we are not required to respond to a customer 's request more than once in a calendar year , nor are we required to respond to any request that is not sent to the email or mailing address designated above .
This policy was last updated on January 6 , 2013 .
NVIDIA respects the privacy of all visitors to its world wide family of NVIDIA-owned websites and mobile apps , including www.nvidia.com , www.slizone.com , 3DVision Live , GeForce.com , GTC , TegraZone.com , and shield.nvidia.com .
[ CLICK HERE ] for the NVIDIA Kids Privacy Policy .
What Information We May Collect Why We Collect Personal Information
Regarding Your Personal Information Kids Privacy Policy Links to Other Sites Security
How to Contact Us Online Privacy Policy Updates
Your Consent ________________________________________________________________________ Return to top NVIDIA is committed to implementing appropriate protections for any Personal Information that our users share with us .
NVIDIA 's Online Privacy Policy and Kids Privacy Policy set forth our policies and procedures regarding our collection , use , and/or sharing of your Personal Information .
When users visit our website or mobile apps , we may collect " Personal information , " which is any information that can be used to identify a particular individual , such as name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , or other contact information .
In addition , we may collect information about your visits to our websites , including the pages you view , the links and ads you click , search terms you enter , and other actions you take in connection with NVIDIA websites .
We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type and language , access times , the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site .
When other non-public information , such as product preferences , hobbies or browsing history , is directly associated with personally identifiable information , that other information is treated as Personal Information .
Please note : The NVIDIA Online Store is managed independently by Digital River , Inc. , and is subject exclusively to the Digital River Privacy Statement .
For a complete view of the statement please click here .
[ CLICK HERE ] to learn more about how Personal Information is collected .
The Personal Information we collect helps us process transactions , respond to requests , and learn about our users ' interests in terms of the features , performance and support of our products , and customize our users ' website experience ( including the content and advertisements delivered on our websites ) .
We also use this information to send newsletters or promotional e-mails regarding new or upgraded products and services .
( Please see the section below on Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information. )  
We do not sell Personal Information about our customers or website users to any third parties .
We may from time to time share your Personal Information with our business partners , resellers , affiliates , or consulting partners in an effort to better serve you .
For example , when you register for a marketing event or contest on our website , we may share your Personal Information with the business partners that help us run the event or contest .
[ CLICK HERE ] to learn more how we may share your Personal Information with our business partners .
Return to top NVIDIA respects your choices about how your Personal Information is used when you register with us , elect to receive our newsletters , or provide us with Personal Information for other purposes .
If you choose not to provide any Personal Information when requested on the website , you can still enjoy most areas on the website .
However , you may be unable to access certain areas and services that require our interaction with you .
If you choose to provide NVIDIA with your Personal Information , you can " opt-in " to also receive additional communications from NVIDIA , our affiliates or our business partners , such as newsletters , promotional materials , special offers , etc .
You can " opt-out " of receiving further communications at any time by unsubscribing at http :
//www.nvidia.com/object/opt-out.html , or by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail you receive .
We will alert our e-mail marketing partners to stop sending you any further NVIDIA-related communications .
However , we may still send you updates to our Legal Notices , Online Privacy Policy , or regarding any account you have created with us .
We take care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 who visit our websites or mobile apps .
[ CLICK HERE ] to access NVIDIA 's Kids Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for any content , products or services offered on any third-party websites .
Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only .
This Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Information that you provide to , or that is collected by , any third-party website operator or third-party product/service provider .
We will take all reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the personal information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure .
If you have any questions or concerns about NVIDIA 's Online Privacy Policy or Kids Privacy Policy , please send an email to privacy @
nvidia.com or write to us at : NVIDIA Corporation , 2701 San Tomas Expressway , Santa Clara , CA 95050 .
We may makes changes to our Online Privacy Policy from time to time .
Please review our policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future visits to our website .
Return to top By using this website , you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to NVIDIA 's collecting and processing of your Personal Information for the purposes listed herein .
Your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in the United States and other countries in which NVIDIA 's backup storage may be located .
NVIDIA is committed to complying with all applicable laws regarding consumer privacy .
At a minimum , your Personal Information will be processed in accordance with the terms of this Online Privacy Policy and the laws of the United States , which may be more or less stringent than the laws in your country .
- See more at : http : //www.nvidia.com/object/
We protect your personal information .....  
The California Lottery ( www.calottery.com ) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of individuals .
It is the Lottery 's policy to limit the collection of personal information and protect the personal information it collects and maintains .
The Lottery 's information management practices conform to the requirements of the Information Practices Act ( California Civil Code section 1798 et seq. ) , the California Public Records Act ( California Government Code section 6250 et seq. ) , California Government Code sections 11015.5 and 11019.9 , California Business & Professions Code sections 22575-22579 , and other laws pertaining to information privacy .
The Lottery adheres to the following principles in connection with the collection and management of personal information :  
Personal information is defined in the Information Practices Act as information that identifies or describes an individual , including : name , Social Security number , physical description , home address , home telephone number , education , and medical or employment history .
The Lottery limits the collection of personal information to what is relevant and necessary to accomplish its lawful purpose , defined in the California State Lottery Act .
For example , the Lottery may need an individual 's home address , email address , or telephone number in order to answer that person 's questions , process his or her claim form , or provide some other requested assistance .
The Lottery may also request demographic information such as ZIP code , age , gender , preferences , interests , and favorites to allow it to provide personalized services .
The Lottery website consists of a primary domain and several sub-domains and is referred to collectively as website .
The Lottery only collects personal information about individuals if it is provided to the Lottery voluntarily through email , registration forms , or surveys .
The Lottery does collect some information automatically from each visitor to its website , including the domain name or Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine used to access the website , the type of browser and operating system used , and the date and time when the website is visited .
The Lottery may also automatically collect information about your interaction with Lottery websites and services .
For example , it may use website analytics tools on its website to retrieve information from your browser , including the website you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find the Lottery 's website , the pages you view within the Lottery 's website , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height .
This automatically-collected information is not subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act , and website visitors may request to have their information discarded without reuse or distribution .
To make such a request , contact the Lottery 's privacy coordinator : privacy @ calottery.com .
simple text files stored temporarily on a visitor 's computer by a web server , to enable easy movement through its website .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information .
Cookies used by the Lottery may be encrypted and can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer . Non-persistent session cookies are used when visiting and searching informational content on the Lottery 's public website .
Session cookies do not contain user information , will not transmit any personal information to the Lottery , and are deleted automatically when the browser window closes or within 24 hours , whichever occurs first .
Persistent culture cookies are used to collect username and language setting information and must be deleted manually by the user .
In addition , Google tracking cookies may be used to provide information to Google Analytics .
Google tracking cookies , used by every website that employs Google Analytics , store information that identifies IP addresses .
For those wishing to block Google Analytics , a variety of browser plug-ins are available here .
The Lottery uses Flash cookies to support Casual Games in the players ' area .
These cookies are persistent and only store certain user settings that you choose for game play .
Click here to see removal instructions .
To access certain Lottery online services you will need to provide your email address and password ( credentials ) .
The Lottery will then temporarily store your unique ID number and the time you signed in via an encrypted cookie on your hard drive .
This cookie will allow you to move between services on the website without having to sign in again on each page .
When you sign out , these cookies are deleted from your computer .
The Lottery also uses cookies to improve your sign-in experience .
For example , your email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out .
This cookie allows your email address to be pre-populated so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in .
If you are using a public computer or do not otherwise want this information to be stored , you can select the appropriate button on the sign-in page and this cookie will not be used .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you will not be able to sign in or use other interactive features and services offered in the players ' area of the Lottery 's website .
If you choose to accept cookies , you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted .
For example , in Internet Explorer 7 you can delete cookies by selecting Tools , Delete browsing history , and Delete Cookies .
Each browser may provide a different way to delete cookies .
If you choose to delete cookies , any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated when you next access the website .
The Lottery prohibits web beacons on its website from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information .
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with the Lottery , information collected through one Lottery service may be combined with information obtained through other Lottery and Lottery-affiliated services .
The Lottery may also supplement the information it collects with information obtained from other companies .
This will enable the Lottery , for example , to offer customized services and information based on location information determined by your computer IP address .
The Lottery strives to inform individuals who provide personal information about the general uses that the Lottery will make of that information .
The Lottery does this at the time of information collection .
The Lottery allows individuals who provide personal information to review that information and contest its accuracy or completeness .
To make such a request , contact the Lottery 's privacy coordinator : privacy @ calottery.com to protect personal information it collects from loss , unauthorized access , illegal use , or unauthorized disclosure .
The Lottery uses Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption software to protect the security of individuals ' personal information during transmission of such information through the Lottery 's website .
Such personal information is stored by the Lottery in secure locations .
The Lottery 's staff is trained on procedures for the management of personal information , including limitations on the release of information .
Access to personal information is limited to those members of the Lottery 's staff and contractors whose work requires such access .
Confidential information is destroyed according to the Lottery 's records retention schedule .
The Lottery conducts periodic reviews to ensure that proper information management policies and procedures are understood and followed .
In order to access some Lottery services , you will be asked to sign in using your credentials .
As part of creating your account , you may also be required to select questions and secret answers that may be used by the Lottery to help verify your identity and assist in resetting your password .
Some services may require added security , and in these cases , you may be asked to create an additional security key .
The Lottery permanently records the IP address of the machine you use for registration and only stores the date and IP address of the last login thereafter .
Finally , a unique ID number will be assigned to your account which will be used to identify your profile and associated information , such as login history and game play history .
In general , the Lottery encourages all individuals to use appropriate safeguards to secure their computers and the information on those computers .
If any individual has further questions about the Lottery 's privacy policy , they are encouraged to contact the Lottery 's Privacy Coordinator via email at privacy @ calottery.com or in writing to :
The California State Lottery - Attention : Privacy Coordinator , 700 Tenth Street , Sacramento , CA 95811 .
Effective Date : May 5 , 2011 Nintendo Privacy Notice Version franaise | Versin espaola
| Verso Portugus Please Note : If you are looking for the Privacy Notice related to the use of specific Nintendo products , please use these links : Wii U , Wii , Nintendo 3DS , Nintendo DSi / Nintendo DSi XL
The Privacy Notice listed below only applies to Nintendo 's web sites .
For a list of the web sites , click here .
Last Updated : December 10 , 2013 Nintendo knows that privacy is important to you .
This Privacy Notice describes our collection , use , disclosure , storage and protection of your information .
By using a Nintendo product or service , you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Information you provide to us .
We collect information that you provide to us when you use our products and services or anytime you are in contact with us .
Some types of information you may provide include :  Registration information that you may be required to provide when you sign up to use our services , including your name , address , telephone number , and email address ; Login information that you use to sign in to our services , such as your username and password ; Demographic information about you , including your age , gender , hobbies , interests , and country of residence ; Payment information that you submit , including your credit card number , expiration date , and credit card security code , where needed to complete a transaction you have initiated ; Messages , photos , videos , drawings , audio recordings and other information shared by you through the interactive features of our products and services ; Correspondence you send directly to us ; and Information you provide to us offline ( through , for example , regular mail , in-person sweepstakes entry forms , and consumer service transactions such as repairs , part orders and direct purchases ) .
Information we collect automatically .
We may collect some information automatically when you use our products and services .
Some types of information we may collect automatically include :  Information about your use of our products and services , including your browser type , operating system , platform , IP address , MAC address , cookies , language and region ; Information about websites you visited before and after visiting our websites , search queries that landed you on our websites , search queries you conducted on our websites , and pages and advertisements you viewed and links you clicked on while using our websites ; Information about your Nintendo device including device serial number , device ID and friend codes ; and Information about your game play , online status , wireless access point , purchases , and other information about your interactions with our products and services .
Information we receive from other sources .
We may receive information about you from other sources , including through third-party services and retailers .
Some examples of information we may receive from other sources include :  Navigation data , including websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked ; Information about consumer service transactions ; and Retail purchase information .
Please note that we may add information we receive from other sources to the information we already have about you .
We also may combine your information with information about other users , including game play , demographic , search term , clickstream and purchase information , and use this combined information in an aggregated format .
In order to collect some of the information described above , we may use web beacons , cookies , log files , and similar technologies in some of our products and services , including our emails .
We may use web beacons ( also referred to as pixel trackers or clear GIFs ) , which are small graphic images placed on a web page , on a web-based document , or in an email message .
Web beacons are designed to collect certain user information and monitor certain user activity .
Information collected by web beacons might include your IP address , MAC address , the URL of the page you came from , or your interactions with our website or an email message we send to you .
We may use the information collected through web beacons , for example , to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages , services , features , and products ; to personalize our products and services ; to make recommendations for products and services ; and to complete transactions you have requested .
Cookies : We may use cookies , which are unique identifiers that are sometimes placed on your device to record data about your visits to a website , so that the site can recognize your device and personalize your visit .
Information collected by cookies may be linked to your transaction history , online game play or other information .
We may use information collected by cookies , for example , to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages , services , features , and products ; to personalize our products and services ; to make recommendations for products and services ; and to complete transactions you have requested .
Log Files : We maintain log files which record activity related to the use of our products and services , such as the number of hits a particular webpage has received , the type and quality of a user 's Internet connection , the type of hardware and/or software used to access a particular service , which features of a service are used and their frequency of use .
The entries within these log files may include , for example , your IP addresses , MAC addresses , cookie information , device ID , transactional data , device settings , and download activity .
We may use these log files , for example , to monitor traffic on our website , to facilitate use of certain services and to troubleshoot technical problems .
We also may permit our third party partners to set cookies and web beacons on our websites , or within emails sent on our behalf , to help us perform various internal functions necessary to operate our business .
These third parties may use these cookies and web beacons to collect information about your visit to our website and may use that information during , or after , your visits to our website to provide you advertisements about goods and services that may be of greater interest to you .
These third parties may offer you a way to opt-out of this type ad targeting .
To learn more , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org and www.aboutads.info .
We may use your information in order for us , our affiliated companies , or our third party partners , to : ( i ) fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you commercial and non-commercial messages and to process orders you have placed ; ( ii ) contact you in connection with our products and services , including for marketing and promotional purposes ; ( iii ) facilitate your use of our products and services ; ( iv ) enable your participation in online games , contests , sweepstakes , surveys , public forums , and other features offered through our products and services ; ( v ) make recommendations and customize the content , features , and advertising available through our products and services ; ( vi ) set up repair orders and respond to consumer service inquiries ; ( vii ) provide back-end services , including system updates and system messages ;
( viii ) provide free games , applications , trials , and other content ; ( ix ) analyze and facilitate the use of our products and services ; ( x ) conduct demographic studies ; ( xi ) understand , improve , and develop our products and services ; ( xii ) prevent potentially illegal or offensive activities ; ( xiii ) enforce our rights or the rights of our users ; ( xiv ) verify your identity and prevent fraudulent transactions ; and ( xv ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
At times we may make certain information that we collect available to our affiliated companies , to our third party partners , to other Nintendo users , and for other legal and business purposes .
For example :  Nintendo Affiliates .
We may share information with other Nintendo affiliated companies that use it consistent with this Privacy Notice .
We may share information with our third party partners to help us perform various functions necessary to operate our business or fulfill your requests ( for example , completing downloads or purchases , developing and executing marketing campaigns ) .
We also may share such information to , for example , complete your transactions , provide you with advertising and other promotional materials , and assist in the creation of user accounts with such third parties .
We may share information , including , for example , your Mii name , Mii profile information , online status , Mii greeting , and other game play information , with other Nintendo users when you use the online features of our products and services .
Some of our products and services allow you to add friends to a friend list .
Through the friend list and friend messaging features , certain information that you have provided , or that is stored on your Nintendo device , including your Mii name , Mii profile information , Mii greeting , online status , rankings , and other user or game play information , may be shared with your friends .
Some Nintendo devices have local communication features that can be activated by you .
These features allow some of your information to be collected and shared , automatically , with us and with other Nintendo users .
These features also allow us , and other Nintendo users , to automatically contact and interact with you .
When these features are enabled by you , you may receive information about , and communications from , other Nintendo users , and you may also receive advertising and promotional materials from Nintendo and its third party partners .
You may disable these local communication features at any time through the system settings on your Nintendo device .
Legal and Business Purposes .
We may disclose your information in order to comply with legal process , to respond to claims or inquiries , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Nintendo , our users , or the public .
Your information may also be disclosed as part of any sale or transfer of company assets , if legally permitted .
You are responsible for any information that you share with others through use of our products and services .
Please be aware that other users may be able to store , modify , or share with third parties , information that you provide to them .
We may offer you an account for one or more of our loyalty programs , including Club Nintendo , so that you have the opportunity to receive personalized content and participate in a variety of activities , promotions and programs .
Within certain parameters , you may be able to link your Nintendo device or network account to your loyalty account .
In such circumstances , we will use your information to , for example , automatically register your purchases in your loyalty account so that you have the opportunity to receive rewards and promotions .
You may unlink these accounts in the settings section of the Nintendo eShop .
You may disclose your information to third parties when you use our products and services in order to play third-party games , use third-party applications or plugins , view third-party advertisements , or visit third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties , and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before submitting any information to them .
In accordance with applicable law , we obtain consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children .
You can find information about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from our users , including children under the age of 13 , in the sections above titled YOUR INFORMATION , USE OF INFORMATION , DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .
You may review , and have deleted , the personal information we have collected from your child , and you may refuse to permit our further collection or use of your child 's personal information , by contacting a Nintendo Privacy Administrator via email at privacypolicy @
noa.nintendo.com , by phone at 1-888-977-7627 , or by regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc. , Attn : Nintendo Privacy Administrator , 4600 150th Avenue NE , Redmond , WA 98052 , U.S.A .
Before responding to your request to review personal information collected from your child , we may require that you follow reasonable procedures to help verify your identity as the child 's parent or legal guardian .
We may deny any request that fails to follow these procedures .
If you choose to have your child 's personal information deleted , or refuse to permit further collection or use of your child 's personal information , certain features of our products and services may be limited or unavailable .
Please note that third-party game publishers , application providers , and content providers may collect , use , and disclose your child 's personal information through our products and services when your child uses third-party services or content .
Nintendo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties , and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before your child provides or exchanges any personal information through third-party services or content .
We strongly recommend that you supervise your child 's use of our products and services at all times .
You can restrict your child 's use of certain features of our products and services by setting up the parental controls on your Nintendo device .
For a detailed description of these parental control features , please see the user manual for your Nintendo device .
Nintendo uses reasonable measures , and has established reasonable safeguards , to help protect your information from loss , theft , misuse , and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us or that we collect , and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information .
If you install unauthorized applications or content on , or make unauthorized modifications to , your Nintendo device or its software , your information may be compromised .
Nintendo is not responsible for any collection , use or disclosure of information from any Nintendo device that has unauthorized modifications or contains unauthorized software or content .
You may use a Nintendo device without providing us your information ; however , some features and applications may not be available to you .
You can opt-out of the collection of certain information by not using our services .
You also may be able to opt-out of certain types of information collection through your Nintendo device settings , parental controls or other opt-out mechanisms we make available to you .
You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from Nintendo by following the instructions contained in those email messages .
Certain information about you may be stored on your Nintendo device .
For your protection , before selling , transferring , or otherwise disposing of your Nintendo device , please remove all stored information , including information stored on any of the device 's accessories .
For instructions on how to remove stored information from your Nintendo device , please see the user manual or visit support.nintendo.com .
If you transfer data from one Nintendo device to another , using any of our system transfer tools or features , any information about you , that is stored on that device , will be transferred as part of the process .
Any information you provide , or that is collected through use of our products and services , may be stored , processed , and transferred within , or to , the United States , or any other country in which we or our affiliated companies or third party partners maintain facilities .
As a result , it is possible that your information could be accessed by foreign governmental authorities , or otherwise , in accordance with applicable local laws .
By using our US based website , you consent to the collection , storage , processing , and transfer of your information in and to the United States , or other countries and territories , pursuant to the laws of the United States .
We abide by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Swittzerland .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time .
When we update this Privacy Notice , we will revise the " Last Updated " date above .
Updates will be posted at support.nintendo.com .
We recommend that you review this Privacy Notice each time you use our products or services to help you stay informed of our privacy practices .
This Privacy Notice and the certification seal located on our website confirms that we are a valid licensee , and participating member , of the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Certified Program : ESRB Privacy Certified .
To help protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative .
As a licensee in this privacy certification program , we are subject to frequent audits of our websites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB .
All of our sites containing the ESRB certification seal have been reviewed , and certified , by ESRB to meet established online information collection and use practices .
If you have any questions , complaints or comments regarding this Privacy Notice , or any of our privacy practices , please contact a Nintendo Privacy Administrator via email at privacypolicy @
noa.nintendo.com , via phone at 1-888-977-7627 , or via regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc. , Attn : Privacy Administrator , 4600 150th Avenue NE , Redmond , WA 98052 , U.S.A .
You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified via email at privacy @ esrb.org , or via regular mail at ESRB Privacy Certified , Attn : Vice President , Privacy Certified , 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor , New York , NY 10017 .
THE NICKELODEON GROUP PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This Privacy Policy governs the websites , online services , and software made available by the Nickelodeon Group for use on mobile devices , tablets , personal computers and other devices , which includes the websites and online services listed here , including those operated by NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ( collectively , the Nickelodeon Sites and , individually , Site ) .
The Nickelodeon Group is a business unit of Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International , Inc .
By accessing any of the Nickelodeon Sites , you are consenting to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes what information the Nickelodeon Sites collect from users , including children , when they visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; how such information is used and stored ; when such information may be disclosed to third parties ; how users , parents , and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information ; and how information is protected .
Our visitors ' privacy is important to us , and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the Nickelodeon Sites permitting such visitors .
Our privacy practices are guided by the United States ' Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , as well as data privacy laws in the United States and other applicable countries .
Younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information .
For your convenience , the following is a quick summary of our Privacy Policy .
Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT .
The Nickelodeon Sites collect only the information that is reasonably necessary for the activities available on the particular website .
In general , we collect three types of information :  Information that you actively give to us ( for example , during registration , sweepstakes , purchases or content submissions ) ;  Information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices ( such as your IP address , cookie ID , and other unique device identifiers ) ; and Information we collect from third parties , including through your registered third-party social media providers .
For more detailed information regarding the information we collect , please go here HOW WE STORE SUCH INFORMATION .
We store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary .
Despite such precautions , there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information .
If you think a third party has accessed your information , please contact us immediately as instructed below .
For more detailed information regarding how we store information , please go here HOW WE USE SUCH INFORMATION .
In general , the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests ; enable you to take advantage of Nickelodeon Sites features and services ; personalize your experience and the advertising you see ; send you special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon , the Viacom family of companies , and on behalf of third-parties whose products or services might be of interest to you ; measure analytics ; and manage and improve the services available on the Nickelodeon Sites .
For more detailed information regarding how we use such information , please go here
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES .
Depending upon the circumstances , we may share collected information with ( a ) law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others ; ( b ) third parties we hire to handle certain activities ; ( c ) advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content , products or services ; ( d ) business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the Nickelodeon Sites ; ( e ) within the Viacom family of companies ;
( f ) in the event of a corporate transaction ; and ( g ) otherwise with your consent .
For more detailed information regarding our information sharing practices , please go here WHAT INFORMATION OTHERS MAY COLLECT .
We may use a number of advertising networks , analytics service providers and other such companies to , for example , serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the Nickelodeon Sites .
These companies may use their own unique identifiers , and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours .
These companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
For more information about these third parties and how you might be able to control how they use your information , please go here YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION .
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you .
You can stop the delivery of commercial e-mail messages from the Nickelodeon Sites by following the instructions in e-mails you receive .
You may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you .
Parents and guardians can review any personally identifiable information collected about their children and request that such information be deleted and/or that no further information be collected .
For more detailed information regarding your control over your information , please go here and here WHO WE ARE The Nickelodeon Sites are made available by the Nickelodeon Group .
If you have any questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to childrens personal information , please contact us at :  Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator , c/o Nickelodeon Online , 1515 Broadway , New York , New York 10036 .
Or email us at : nickprivacy @
Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 .
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites , including :  NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California For more detailed information regarding who we are , please go here QUICK LINKS .
I. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE .
A. Registration Information B .
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins C .
Computer Information Collected By Us D. Computer Information Collected
By Others E. Contests and Sweepstakes F. Electronic Postcards and Messages G. Electronic Newsletters H. Interactive Features and Services I. Wireless Marketing Services J. Geolocation Information K. Financial Information L .
Other Data Collection and Use II .
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES .
A. Law Enforcement and Safety B. Agents C .
Third Parties/Advertisers D. Co-Branded Sites And Features E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses F. Business Transfer G.
With Your Consent III .
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .
V. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES .
A. Reviewing Your Information B. Parental Access C. Termination Of Wireless Services VI .
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS .
CONTACT US We may request or collect certain information when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites .
However , visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity .
The information required to register varies by Site , but may include : ( a ) birth date ; ( b ) gender ; ( c ) country ; ( d ) state ; ( e ) zip code ; ( f ) user name and password ; ( g ) wireless telephone number ; ( h ) email address ; and ( i ) other profile information such as avatar preferences , communications preferences , and interests .
If the Site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old , the child may be asked to provide his or her parent 's or guardian 's email address .
For certain countries , visitors or their parents/guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account ; accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted .
Registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; serve appropriate material ; customize the content you see when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; and offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies ( which comprises Viacom International Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , including but not limited to NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ) , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services , that we believe may be of interest to you .
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins :
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as Login with Facebook or Flux , or permit you to use social media plugins such as the Facebook Like or Google +1 buttons .
When you use these social networking platforms and plugins , your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us .
When you use social networking platforms and plugins , you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection , use , and disclosure of such information .
In addition , they may be able to collect information about you , including your activity on the Nickelodeon Sites , and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the Nickelodeon Sites .
Such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you .
For more information about Login with Facebook , please go here .
For more information on Flux , please go here .
Please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them .
Computer Information Collected by Us : When visitors come to a Site , we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows XP or Mac OS ) , the visitor 's IP address , the web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox ) , UDID ( for certain mobile devices ) , information about the websites visited before and after visiting the Site , the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the Nickelodeon Sites , interactions with e-mail messages sent by a Site or the Viacom family of companies ( e.g. , links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies ( see below ) , information regarding the Internet service provider , and other standard server log information ( " Computer Information " ) .
We may use cookies , web beacons , tokens or similar technologies ( collectively referred to as Tracking Technologies ) on the Nickelodeon Sites . "
Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
Web beacons ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
Tokens are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server , such as Adobes Pass service , to a users device to identify an interaction session , such as the authentication for a users cable provider service , and which are usually stored as an HTTP cookie .
The Site and/or third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Computer Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between certain Nickelodeon Sites without logging into each Site , enable the internal functioning of the Nickelodeon Sites , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on the Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages originating from the Nickelodeon Sites or the Viacom family of companies ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Nickelodeon Sites .
These Tracking Technologies collect click stream data and additional other information regarding your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites ( such as your visits to specific webpages , use of features , purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites offered by the Viacom family of companies and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site ( Identifier ) .
An Identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
When a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of Nickelodeon programing in the Nick mobile app , a third party token is stored on the users mobile device so that the subscriber can view Nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re-authenticate his cable service subscription .
By visiting a Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to set and access Cookies on your device and track your activities and your use of a Site through these Tracking Technologies and Identifiers and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
The Nickelodeon Sites adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about the Nickelodeon Sites and online behavioral advertising .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers ( as defined in Section D ) do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them )
and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you .
You have a number of options with respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites :  You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the steps following your browser type below :
Internet Explorer Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  
Google Chrome Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Browsing Data ...  
sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  
Mozilla Firefox Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Recent History ...  
sub-option of the History menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  
You may be able to have the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Please be aware that certain areas and features of Nickelodeon Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with Tracking Technologies , and that disabling Tracking Technologies might prevent you from accessing such content .
D. Computer Information Collected By Others
: The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Nickelodeon Sites use a variety of third-party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers , and other third-party service providers ( collectively , Third Party Advertising Service Providers ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Nickelodeon Sites , facilitate targeting of advertisements , and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Nickelodeon Sites ( Targeting Services ) .
These Targeting Services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you .
Targeting Services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Nickelodeon Sites .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them )
and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you .
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the Nickelodeon Sites collect .
You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet .
The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the Nickelodeon Sites .
Even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
We encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers ( and outside the control of the Nickelodeon Sites ) , you have a number of options :  You can opt-out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe and DoubleClick by using those Providers ' opt-out tools .
You can access Adobe 's tool at http :
and DoubleClick 's at http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
Some of these Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out of Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers :  The opt-out tools discussed above are cookie based .
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you opt-out but then use the controls in your browser to delete all Tracking Technologies , you may have to opt-out again , a second time , in order to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are browser-specific .
This means , for example , that if you opt out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the collection of information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same device .
It also means that opting out on one device will not affect the collection of information by Tracking Technologies on other devices you may use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the following steps :  
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information. )  
You may be able to set the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites to warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on the Nickelodeon Sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH
CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit " do-not-track " signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as set forth above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in Section I ( C ) .
E. Contests and Sweepstakes :
The Nickelodeon Sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes .
To enter these contests and sweepstakes , you may be required to provide your first name and email address and/or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes .
On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 , we may collect the child 's e-mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes , store such child 's email address for the duration of the sweepstakes , and use it for notification if he or she is the winner .
For certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites , we may ask for the email address of the child 's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child 's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child 's entry deleted .
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages :
Some Nickelodeon Sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and wish lists of items they want to family or friends , which means we will send , on the visitor 's behalf , email messages to family and/or friends .
To do so , visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages .
Visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages .
Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent .
In some cases , we may offer visitors an incentive ( e.g. , points to be used in an online game ) for referring information about products to the visitor 's family or friends .
In such cases , we will comply with all applicable legal requirements .
Please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries .
Visitors can provide their email addresses to receive email newsletters and promotions from the Nickelodeon Group , the Viacom family of companies , and our business partners .
Visitors may change their preferences regarding emails at any time through the unsubscribe link in the newsletters or , for certain Nickelodeon Sites , by logging into and changing the preferences for their account .
When visitors to Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter ( s ) , they will be asked to provide their first name , email address and the email address of their parent/guardian .
We will send the child 's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child 's request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child 's information removed from our newsletter database .
The link to remove the child 's information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent , but at any time after receiving this notification email , the child 's parent/guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter ( s ) by following the " unsubscribe " instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails .
Parents/guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child .
See section V ( B ) below .
When a child provides a parent 's/guardian 's email address when signing up for newsletter ( s ) , that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system .
H. Interactive Features and Services :
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer interactive features and services , such as message boards , chat rooms , electronic mail services , comment boxes , messaging services , and member profile pages .
For certain countries , on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old , we either will obtain the consent of the child 's parent/guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child 's postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records .
We use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services .
I. Wireless Marketing Services : Consistent with local law ,
appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and/or wireless devices .
To do so , visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number , email address , carrier 's name , and/or their opinion regarding certain goods and/or services .
Visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the Nickelodeon Group and Viacom family of companies through one of the following methods : ( a ) filling out the registration information on any Nickelodeon Sites ' wireless marketing registration page ; or ( b ) sending a specific word , code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material .
The visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services .
Visitors that register for wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the visitor 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the visitor from the Nickelodeon Sites or Viacom family of companies .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Nickelodeon Group or the Viacom family of companies be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by such visitor or by a person that has access to a visitor 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
We may collect and store information about your geographic location , but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
We use this information , for example , to enable visitors to take advantage of Site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; customize the content visitors see when visiting the Nickelodeon Sites ; and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors .
By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the applicable Site , you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above .
K. Financial Information : We collect and use financial information , such as credit card numbers and security codes , for the limited purposes described below .
Users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the Nickelodeon Sites ( e.g. , games from Shockwave.com ) .
Purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name , billing and/or shipping addresses , billing address , email address , credit card number , control payment number , PIN , card security code , expiration date and/or a phone number .
After successfully entering a valid credit card number/expiration date and completing the order process , an account is created .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
If you make purchases using a pre-paid card , we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase .
Certain of the Nickelodeon Sites provide pages and/or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products ( the " Shops " ) .
To do so , visitors need to provide contact , shipping , billing and credit information .
These pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the Nickelodeon Sites .
This third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
Before providing information on these pages , we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party 's use of your information , as they may differ from ours .
Virtual Items/Memberships :
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites may offer memberships , online subscriptions and/or virtual items for use in conjunction with the Nickelodeon Sites ' games .
When you enter into a transaction for a membership , subscription , virtual item or similar transaction , you may be asked to provide the credit card and/or billing information and email address .
We will use this information to fulfill your specified requests , as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law .
Please also see the information regarding payment processors in Section II ( B ) below .
Other Data Collection and Use .
We collect search query information when visitors search for information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
We also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments .
We may use this information , along with any of the other information described above , to ( i ) analyze use of the Nickelodeon Sites and understand and improve our service offerings ; ( ii ) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and ( iii ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
We may combine information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites with information we collect from other sources ( e.g. , social media integration services ) , other Viacom family of company 's sites , offline records or publicly available information ) .
It is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date .
We are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so .
We may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below .
In the U.S. , parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child 's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties .
A. Law Enforcement and Safety .
You acknowledge , consent , and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access , preserve , and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us ( including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems ) to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access , preservation , or disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) comply with legal process ; ( b ) enforce the Terms of Use of the respective Nickelodeon Sites ; ( c ) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties ; ( d ) respond to your requests for customer service ; or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the owners of the Nickelodeon Sites , any user of the Nickelodeon Sites , a third party or the general public .
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability ; to protect or defend our rights or property ; or protect the safety , rights , or property of others .
If you have concerns about the conduct of a particular user , please send an e-mail to nickprivacy @
This email is not to contact us about the status of your account .
Information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred , disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities , such as message boards , sweepstakes and contests , e-cards , payment processing , newsletters , and advisory boards , and to perform other technical and processing functions , such as sending postal mail and email , maintaining data integrity , programming operations , user services or technology services .
We may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions , but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information .
Some of these agents , such as payment processors , may request additional information during the course of offering their services .
Before you provide additional information to third party agents , we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices .
Third Parties/Advertisers .
The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Some Nickelodeon Sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content , products , or services that we believe may be of interest .
For example , we may partner with a greeting card company , software manufacturer , social media plugin provider , or mobile phone provider to offer you electronic cards , games , social networking , or text messaging services .
These partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the Nickelodeon Sites and , accordingly , may have their own privacy policies .
If you consent or register with one of our partners , that means you grant the Nickelodeon Sites permission to give your registration and other information , including e-mail address , to that third party .
If you have identified yourself as residing in the EU , we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have " opted-in. "  
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may use their own Tracking Technologies to gather information about you .
Please see Section I ( D ) above for more detailed information regarding such use of Tracking Technologies .
For more information on our use of third party advertisers and the self-regulatory principles , please click here D. Co-Branded Sites and Features
Some Nickelodeon Sites offer co-branded services and features , such as events and promotions that we put together with another company ( " Co-Branded Partner " ) .
Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Nickelodeon Sites and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfillment , marketing or administrative purposes .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service .
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
The Nickelodeon Sites are part of the Viacom family of companies .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the Viacom family of companies ' and other affiliated businesses so that we can , for example , provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
In the event that assets relating to one or more of the Nickelodeon Sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of , for example , a corporate sale , merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred to the acquiring company .
With Your Consent We may otherwise disclose your information pursuant to your consent .
The Nickelodeon Sites are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S.
While users from countries other than the U.S. may access certain of the Nickelodeon Sites , we make no representation that the Nickelodeon Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in activities on the Nickelodeon Sites , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the Nickelodeon Sites as set forth in the respective Terms of Use Agreement for each Site .
If you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular Site you are visiting , please discontinue using that Site immediately as your continued use of the Nickelodeon Sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Please be aware that by providing us with personal information , you understand and agree that : ( 1 ) due to our international operations , your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction ; ( 2 ) to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States , you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy and ( 3 ) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law .
Our affiliates comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor .
Please see the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for detailed information on these affiliates ' privacy practices .
If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Nickelodeon Sites because your use of the Nickelodeon Sites represents your consent .
If you have already provided personal information , please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information .
The Nickelodeon Sites maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to help ensure that information collected is secure , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and use of electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access .
The Nickelodeon Sites conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions .
We limit access to visitor 's information to employees and contractors who are authorized for the proper handling of such information , and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We also take reasonable steps to help make sure our third-party agents protect the security of your personal information .
However , as with most Internet sites or services , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information through a number of means despite our efforts .
Information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or to otherwise meet legal requirements .
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the Nickelodeon Sites , subject to certain exceptions .
To do so , you should log into your account or you may e-mail us at nickprivacy @
To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access .
B. Parental Access Parents/guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child , have this information deleted , and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's personally identifiable information .
You can download the form here .
We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian .
C. Termination of Wireless Services
You may cancel one or more wireless services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the Nickelodeon Sites at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says " STOP " , " END " , " CANCEL " , " REMOVE " , " UNSUBSCRIBE " or " QUIT " .
Nickelodeon Sites will terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service you received .
Any of these words followed by the word " ALL " in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with the Nickelodeon Sites .
If you unsubscribe from one or all of wireless service ( s ) via your wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer you and your child an online safety guide which we encourage you to use as starting point for discussing safety and privacy concerns with your child .
Of course , involvement in your family 's online lives is the most important safety tool available .
Some of the various guides are available here :  http : //www.neopets.com/safetytips.phtml http : //www.nick.com/club/parents-online-safety-guide.html
The websites that comprise the Nickelodeon Sites may contain links to other sites , including those of sponsors , advertisers , social networking platforms , and survey companies .
These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices , which may be substantially different from ours .
We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please send an email to or write us :
nickonline.com email , or you may contact us via regular mail at :  Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator Nickelodeon Online 1515
Broadway New York , New York 10036
This document is the sole statement of the Nickelodeon Sites ' Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid .
In interpreting this Agreement , the English version governs the interpretation and meaning of the obligation set forth herein .
To the extent there is an ambiguity or conflict with the Privacy Policy in other languages , the Privacy Policy in English governs .
If you have any other questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at : Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator c/o
Nickelodeon Online 1515 Broadway New York , New York 10036
Or email us at : nickprivacy @
Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites including : NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California Introduction
This document is the Privacy Policy of Travian Games GmbH , Wilhelm-
Wagenfeld-Strae 22 , 80807 Munich , Germany ( hereafter referred to as TRAVIAN GAMES ) .
It applies to all websites , mobile apps and games operated by Travian Games GmbH ( hereafter referred to as TRAVIAN GAMES ) .
In the event that a link contained on a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES redirects you to another website that is not operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , or if you access the services of a third party ( e.g. when making a payment ) , please be aware that this Privacy Policy will not apply to such third party website .
TRAVIAN GAMES collects , processes and stores any data that you willingly submit to TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g. in standard forms or otherwise on the websites and games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES ) by electronic or other means of communication , or which has been transferred during the interaction between you and the websites and games of TRAVIAN GAMES , in accordance with the following sections and in compliance with prevailing regulations .
This includes data you provide to other users when communicating with them on websites and via games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
In more detail : Contents 1 .
Visiting TRAVIAN GAMES websites ..................................................................................  
Using TRAVIAN GAMES games ..........................................................................................  
a ) Registration ............................................................................  
2 b ) Using the games .....................................................................  
3 c ) Communication channels .........................................................  3
d ) Investigating manipulations of game operations .........................  4
e ) Internal research .....................................................................  
4 f ) Payment processing .................................................................  4 3 .
Transfer of your data to third parties ..............................................................................  
a ) Cookies ..................................................................................  
6 b ) Web beacons ..........................................................................  
Social plug-ins ........................................................................  
7 e ) Kontagent .............................................................................  
Revocation of consent ............................................................................................................  
Amendments to or deletion of personal data ................................................................  
Information on personal data .............................................................................................  
When you visit a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , your browser automatically forwards the IP address , browser version , screen resolution and operating system of the device you used to access the site .
Your browser will also provide the date , time and duration of the visit to the website and the various sites you accessed during a visit .
TRAVIAN GAMES uses this information to optimize its websites and games .
In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES uses the analysis tool Google Analytics on its websites .
Please read the comments under 4 .
d ) for more details on the use of Google Analytics .
When you register for a game operated by TRAVIAN GAMES you will be required to enter your email address and to select a username and password .
This data will be permanently stored by TRAVIAN GAMES when you validate the activation link sent to the email address you supplied when you registered .
If you do not validate the link , this data will be deleted after two weeks .
Please do not use your real name , the name of another person or that of a protected registered trademark as a username .
In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES will assign a country to you based on the IP address of the device which has been entered .
This information will be saved to enable us to offer you an appropriate selection of payment methods .
If you click on an advertising link on any TRAVIAN GAMES website and are then forwarded to a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , a cookie will be set on your computer that contains information on which advertising link you clicked , for which advertiser , for which game , at what time and in which country .
TRAVIAN GAMES will also assign a country to you based on the IP address of your device .
TRAVIAN GAMES will assess this nonpersonal data to optimize its advertising campaigns and for accounting purposes regarding its advertisers .
The cookie will be deleted once the activation link has been validated .
TRAVIAN GAMES is offering a service for an increasing number of games that allows you to activate once only for a game and then use this game account to move easily around multiple game worlds within this game .
The basis of this service is that the data you supply when you register for a game will be stored in a central location by the relevant game b )
Using the games TRAVIAN GAMES stores and processes your personal data to implement the game user contract that has been agreed and the use options associated with such contract ( e.g. use of the games , utilization of support , etc. ) .
TRAVIAN GAMES also uses the analysis tools Google Analytics and Kontagent for its games .
Please read the comments under 4 .
d ) and e ) for more details on the use of Google Analytics and Kontagent .
The same applies if you access a TRAVIAN GAMES game using one of the mobile apps operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
The games and websites operated by TRAVIAN GAMES offer various opportunities to communicate with TRAVIAN GAMES or other players .
TRAVIAN GAMES automatically uses filtering systems that prohibit any communications that violate 9 of the Travian Game GmbH General Terms and Conditions .
In particular , TRAVIAN GAMES automatically uses filtering systems to block any mass mailings and messages that are of an offensive , obscene or racist nature , that glorify violence or any other objectionable statements or messages that advertise products or services .
Moreover , TRAVIAN GAMES records the use of the communication channels for a short period to analyze and fix any technical errors , to guarantee system security and integrity , to combat abusive and/or unauthorized use and to generate user statistics on a non-personal basis .
The reports that are generated contain the date and time of the message , the sender and recipient , the message text and the volume of data sent .
No employees or agents of TRAVIAN GAMES will read your messages without your consent .
Should TRAVIAN GAMES suspect any abusive and/or unauthorized use of the available communication channels ( e.g. when a recipient reports a message ) , TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to investigate the relevant game account and the messages sent from that account and to take further action where appropriate .
d ) Investigating manipulations of game operations TRAVIAN GAMES will collect and store records which reflect how the websites and games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES are used , e.g. in-game user activities and in-game communication between users or communication within game-related services .
This includes the monitoring of playing patterns and checks for possible manipulations of game operations which can then serve to detect any abusive or improper activities of users .
TRAVIAN GAMES uses special programs to detect violations of the rules of the games , e.g. programs that can detect the use of unauthorized scripts .
In order to do that it can store IP addresses , login data of the last fourteen days and any other data the browser transfers as header information .
Furthermore , TRAVIAN GAMES employs individuals who are specifically trained to do this and who may be employees or freelancers working for TRAVIAN GAMES .
TRAVIAN GAMES will also select suitable individuals from its ranks of players who have expressed an interest in performing such tasks voluntarily .
The employees , freelancers and volunteers ( specifically trained personnel ) will have access to the same data as the special programs used by TRAVIAN GAMES to carry out their duties .
The specifically trained employees will also be assigned to identify , detect and penalize any infringements against the current General Terms and Conditions and game rules , e.g. the illegal use of several game accounts or insults to other players .
The specifically trained employees act exclusively in accordance with the stipulations and instructions of TRAVIAN GAMES and are tasked in particular with ensuring compliance with prevailing data protection regulations .
In terms of processing personal data , TRAVIAN GAMES remains the liable party .
If TRAVIAN GAMES ascertains that you are acting in breach of your contractual obligations , e.g. by using unauthorized scripts , TRAVIAN GAMES expressly reserves the right to merge your IP address with other data which TRAVIAN GAMES has stored on you to advise you of such infringement .
TRAVIAN GAMES may then take further action against the respective user to restore normal game operations .
e ) Internal research TRAVIAN GAMES also uses the information stored by you or about you for internal research regarding demography , user interest and user behavior .
The use of this data is pseudononymized .
You can object to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future .
Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below .
No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation .
You will have to supply additional information when making a payment and the type of data depends on the kind of payment method you have selected .
TRAVIAN GAMES offers a range of anonymous payment methods .
TRAVIAN GAMES will forward the data required to process the payment to the service providers responsible for collecting the payment .
TRAVIAN GAMES will assign TG Payment GmbH in Munich ( Germany ) to provide such payment services .
Collaboration with third parties also involves payment processing via external service providers ( PayPal , credit card companies , mobile network operators , etc. ) .
These third parties are legally bound to manage your personal data in a confidential and secure manner in accordance with prevailing legislation and may only use your personal data to fulfill their contractual obligations .
When you initiate a payment during the game , a cookie will be set that contains a randomly generated ID number .
This cookie will be required to return you to the game once the payment process has been completed .
TRAVIAN GAMES employs persons responsible for ensuring the correct implementation of the payment processing is adhered to and who can therefore access any information required to do so .
Such employees act exclusively in accordance with the stipulations and instructions of TRAVIAN GAMES and are tasked in particular with ensuring compliance with prevailing data protection regulations .
Such employees use anonymized payment data to detect and prevent any misuse of the payment processes .
In the event of a violation , the payment process will be canceled .
In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to use the available data to implement further measures and to potentially merge it with other personal data .
TRAVIAN GAMES is entitled to provide data to third parties to whom receivables due to TRAVIAN GAMES from the user have been assigned or to third parties who are responsible for collecting payment to the extent required to fulfill the collection of the receivables or the collection of the charges .
In certain cases TRAVIAN GAMES will forward your personal data to the following third parties : Payment providers ( see above ) IT service providers ( e.g. email providers , host providers )
Database services ( e.g. analysis of advertising campaigns )
Associated companies ( e.g. payment data to TG Payment GmbH )
State agencies ( e.g. investigating authorities )
Such third parties are legally bound to manage your personal data in a confidential and secure manner in accordance with prevailing legislation and can only access your personal data if such data is required to fulfill their contract , respectively there is a legal basis for such access .
Moreover , TRAVIAN GAMES will only allow third parties to contact you for advertising purposes with your express , prior consent , in which case TRAVIAN GAMES will forward your email address to such third parties .
Cookies Cookies are small files that enable TRAVIAN GAMES to record certain information about your device , for example to identify you when you revisit a website or to generate statistics .
Most cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser or exit any websites or games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
However , some cookies may be stored for a longer period .
The above sections describe in more detail how TRAVIAN GAMES uses cookies .
b ) Web beacons TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons ( aka clear GIFs or web bugs , etc. ) .
A web beacon is a link placed on a website and which points to a small graphic image .
When the website is then called up with the embedded link , the small graphic image will automatically be requested .
TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons to optimize websites and advertising campaigns by counting or recording the number of visits to a particular website ,
if and when an email was opened , etc .
The above sections describe in more detail how TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons .
Social plug-ins TRAVIAN GAMES uses social plug-ins on its websites and games such as Facebook 's Like button or Facebook Connect and Google 's Google +1 button .
A shared feature of social plug-ins is that when you access a TRAVIAN GAMES website that uses a social plug-in , the same data will be forwarded to the social plug-in provider that would be forwarded if you accessed the provider 's website directly .
So for example when you call up a provider website that has Facebook 's Like button embedded , Facebook will receive your IP address , the browser version and screen resolution and the operating system of the device you have used to access the site and the URL of the website containing the Like button .
This applies even if you have used none of the services offered by such providers .
If the plug-in has been provided by Facebook or Google , the abovementioned data will be transferred to the USA .
Additional information will be forwarded if you are logged in to one of these services and/or are using the social plug-in while you are accessing the website .
Please consult your relevant provider regarding what data will be forwarded in this event .
Google Analytics TRAVIAN GAMES uses the web analysis tool Google Analytics for its websites , games and game homepages .
Google Analytics uses cookies to enable us to analyze your visit to the games and websites operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
To do this , Google Analytics collects data using page views , i.e. the technical features of the device used to visit the pages and your activities on the websites and in the games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
Google Analytics then analyses this data in the scope of its contractual duties for TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports to include information regarding from which URL the website or TRAVIAN GAMES game was accessed , from which approximate geographical location a website or TRAVIAN GAMES game was visited , how long the user stayed on the website or in the TRAVIAN GAMES game and an outline of the user 's activities during the visit .
TRAVIAN GAMES has configured the Google Analytics tool such that the last octet of your IP address will be deleted before it is saved within Europe .
You can disable the use of cookies in your browser settings , but bear in mind that this may also restrict the use of any TRAVIAN GAMES games or websites .
Alternately , you can download and install the relevant plug-in for your browser via this link : ( https : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ?
hl=de ) and the Google Analytics JavaScript code will be instructed to send no information on your visits to TRAVIAN GAMES games and websites to Google Analytics .
e ) Kontagent TRAVIAN GAMES uses the web analysis tool Kontagent for its games .
For this , code fragments are used in the source code of the game or the mobile apps that are then activated when you carry out a particular action specified by TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g. registration , activation , login , account deletion , purchase of Credits , etc. ) .
Once activated , the following data will be sent to the Kontagent servers located in the USA : name of the game or website , country version of the game , a randomly generated and anonymized ID number for your account , an ID number defined for the specified action , description of the specified action , time stamp , browser session ID and IP address .
If you access one of the TRAVIAN GAMES games via a mobile app , the following data will also be transferred : network status ( e.g. 3G , Wi-Fi ) , operating system ( without the version number ) and whether the device is a smartphone or tablet .
Kontagent then analyzes this data in the scope of its contractual duties for TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports to ascertain how a game or mobile app is used .
In addition , Kontagent uses the transferred data in an anonymized and aggregated form to TRAVIAN GAMES and additional clients of Kontagent to make general statements regarding user behavior .
Besides this use in an anonymized and aggregated form , Kontagent saves and uses the data transferred from TRAVIAN GAMES only in the scope of its contractual duties and as instructed by TRAVIAN GAMES .
You can object to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future .
Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below .
No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation .
Adeven TRAVIAN GAMES uses the external analysis and tracking tool Adeven in its games .
In this process , code fragments are inserted into the source text of the mobile app and then activated when a particular action or event defined by TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g. installing an app , performing a specific action , purchasing credits , etc. )  is carried out .
Once these events are activated the following data is sent to the Adeven GmbH servers in Germany : game name , country version of the game , a randomly generated and anonymized ID number for your account , a defined ID number for the specific action , description of the action , time stamp , browser session ID , http header , MAC or IP address , network status ( e.g. 3G , Wi-Fi ) , OS type ( omitting the version number ) and if it is a smartphone or tablet .
Adeven then analyzes this data in the scope of its contractual duties to TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports for TRAVIAN GAMES to make general statements regarding user behavior .
Adeven uses the data transferred from TRAVIAN GAMES only in the scope of its contractual duties and as instructed by TRAVIAN GAMES .
You may object to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future .
Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below .
No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation .
You may revoke your consent at any time unless TRAVIAN GAMES is processing your personal data for contractual or legal purposes .
If the revocation concerns the receipt of game information or any other emails , all game information or other emails sent to you include the option to unsubscribe from any further game information or emails .
No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation .
You may amend your personal data at any time ( e.g. to update or correct such data ) or delete your personal data in its entirety .
Please note that TRAVIAN GAMES will not be able to comply with your deletion request if such request conflicts with any obligations to preserve records or with any legitimate interests of TRAVIAN GAMES or third parties .
If you would like TRAVIAN GAMES to amend your personal data or to cease using your data , please contact TRAVIAN GAMES at privacy @
TRAVIAN GAMES will then make the requested changes or delete your data as quickly as possible .
However , TRAVIAN GAMES must remind you that , for technical or organizational reasons , some measures may still be carried out after you have submitted your request for deletion had such measures already been initiated but not completed by that time .
Upon request , TRAVIAN GAMES will inform you of all the personal data that is stored about you free of charge .
This information will be sent to you in electronic form , generally via email .
TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time ; however TRAVIAN GAMES shall always observe the applicable data protection legislation .
Should you have any general questions on this Privacy Policy and on data protection at TRAVIAN GAMES , please contact us at the addresses below .
If possible , please contact us using the email address you submitted when you registered with the game .
GameTrailers Next-Gen Videos
Shows Reviews News Games GDex Forums Sign
In Our Annual GameTrailers Game of the Year Awards Is Underway !
To Visit The Awards Page
PS4 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS Vita
Twitter Tumblr YouTube Trending Pop Facts
Secret Minigame GameTrailers Game of the Year ...  
Game of the Year Nominee : Ni ...  VGX
Most Anticipated Game - Nominees Neverwinter Nvidia Tech Trailer VGX Best PC Game - Nominees VGX Best PlayStation 3 Game - ...  
About GameTrailers Privacy Policy Last Modified :
December 20 , 2013 PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This is the privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) for GameTrailers.com ( " Site , " " we , " " us , " or " our " ) , an Internet website owned by GameTrailers Corp .
GameTrailers Corp. and the Site ( together , " GameTrailers " ) are provided by Viacom Media Networks ( " VMN " ) , a division of Viacom International Inc. ( together , VMN and Viacom International Inc. , the " Parent Companies " ) .
This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas :  1 .
When This Privacy Policy Applies .
U.S. Governing Law ; Safe Harbor .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information .
Your California Privacy Rights .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice .
This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer , a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered ( each , a " Device " ) and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user ( if offered by the Site ) or other user of the Site .
This Privacy Policy governs only the Personal Information and Other Information ( as those terms are defined below ) collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner ( such as by GameTrailers Corp. not through the Site ) or by any other website offered by GameTrailers , the Parent Companies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies ( collectively , " Affiliates " ) or collected by any other company , unless specifically stated .
We may from time to time , combine Information ( as that term is defined below ) with other information we collect from other sources , such as information received from our Parent Companies , Affiliates , marketing companies or Advertisers and , if we do so , our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect , even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service , feature , function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates , expires , ceases , is suspended or deactivated for any reason .
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy , please do not participate in the Site or any features , activities or services offered through the Site .
The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S .
We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in our Site activities , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement .
If you do not meet such age and other eligibility requirements , please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you are located in the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) and Switzerland , for detailed information on our privacy policy and practices with respect to personal information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland , please see our Safe Harbor Privacy Policy located at http :
//www.viacom.com/privacypolicy/Documents/VIACOM-610657-v1-Safe_Harbor_Policy.pdf .
If you are located outside of the U.S. , the EEA and Switzerland , you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you , not us , are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws .
[ Please be aware that any Personal Information and Other Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be collected in the U.S. and/or transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law .
By using this Site , participating in any Site activities and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S. , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that we will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law. ]  
If this Site is part of the Flux platform , by using this Site , participating in any Site activities , and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information you provide to the Site and to Flux , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that this Site and Flux will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Flux Privacy Policy and U.S. law .
Consequently , to the full extent permitted by law , you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction .
When we use the term " Personal Information " we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you , such as your full name , postal address , e-mail address or telephone number .
When we use the term " Other Information " , we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you ( Personal Information and Other Information , together , the " Information " ) .
We Collect that You Provide Us .
To the extent we offer user registration on the Site , to register as a member of the Site , you are required to select a user name and password ( together , your " User ID " ) and may be required to also provide other Information , such as your email address and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested during the registration process ( but not required ) .
In Connection with Certain Features and Functions .
We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site , such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information , chat rooms , message boards , electronic mail services , messaging services , auctions , shopping , registration and member profile pages .
To sign up for or participate in these features or functions , you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions .
For example , to sign up to receive email newsletters , you may be required to provide your email address , date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration .
Further , for example , to the extent we offer such services , if you order any of our various Products ( as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ) , in addition to your name and contact information , we will also collect and may maintain your billing address , shipping address , Product selections , your credit card or other payment instrument information , your order number and information about your computer 's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site ( e.g. , the referring URL ) .
Your credit card or debit card number is collected via a secure transmission .
In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes .
There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following : your first and last name , street address , city , state and zip code , email address , telephone number and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion , but submission of such Information may be optional .
The Promotion 's entry page
and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements .
You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers , sponsors or promotional partners ( " Advertisers " ) as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions .
Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies . "
Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
" Web beacons " ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
The Site and/or third parties may use " cookies " , " web beacons " and other similar tracking technologies ( collectively , " Tracking Technologies " ) to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on this Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password in password-protected areas , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts on the Site , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the " Use of Information " , " Other Information Collected by Us " section below .
These Tracking Technologies collect " click stream " data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site ( such as your visits to the Site 's webpages , use of our features and purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such Other Information across multiple sessions on this Site and other websites offered by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the Device you use to access the Site ( " Identifier " ) .
An Identifier is automatically assigned to any Device you use to access the Site .
Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may associate Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies with Personal Information .
By visiting the Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through these Tracking Technologies and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers and other third parties ( collectively , " Third Party Advertising Service Providers " ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Site , facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site ( " Targeting Services " ) .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited .
Targeting Services enable us to , among other things , help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in , to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as Advertisers and other third parties , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them )
and/or they may otherwise collect or have access to Information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site .
As set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may share Information with our Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :  Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or , subject to the " Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities " Section below , text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users , whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates or third parties ( for example , we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party ) ; Processing your registration with the Site , such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid ; Contacting you regarding the administration of your account , any services , features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use , any Promotions you have participated in or have entered , any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site ; Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ; Responding to your questions or other requests ; Contacting you regarding your use of the Site , for informational purposes related to the Site or , in our discretion , regarding changes to the Site 's policies ; Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ; Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ; Saving your User ID or other Personal Information , so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site ; Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information .
Other Information Collected by Us .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :  Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies ' , Affiliates ' , Advertisers ' or partners ' sites ; Accumulating and reporting aggregate , statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity ; Determining which features , webpages , products and services users like best to , among other things , help us operate the Site , enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information ; Preparing statistics reports ; Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ; Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ; Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ; Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site ; Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site
For the uses described for " Personal Information " above and For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information . iii .
Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours .
Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser , we do not control their websites or their policies and practices regarding your Information
and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites you encounter on the Internet .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you .
Use of Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' and Advertisers ' Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' or Advertisers ' , as applicable , own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy .
However , please see " Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) " Section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers .
Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information .
In Connection with Marketing and Promotional E-mail and Offers .
You may " opt-out " of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by using the Site 's preference management page associated with your User ID account to opt-out of receiving such emails or messages from the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates
You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us that you have requested .
Further , when you use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from other VMN brands .
Please see Section 4.a.ii below for your newsletter options .
In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based E-mails .
To the extent the applicable Site offers newsletters or other editorial-based emails , to manage your newsletter preferences , you may click on the newsletter link provided in the footer of our website to select which newsletters you receive OR , follow the unsubscribe link in the applicable newsletter , or unsubscribe through http : //exodus.gametrailers.com
/site/unsubscribe_email .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us .
Please see Section 4.a.i above for your marketing and promotional e-mail options .
In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services .
See " Termination of Wireless Services by Users " under the " Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities " Section for more information on how you may unsubscribe from receiving text messages .
Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs .
However , even if you exercise your opt-out rights above , we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the " Use of Information " Section above , such as for maintenance and administrative purposes .
Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by Tracking Technologies .
By Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers , you have a number of options :  Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising tailored to your interests .
You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe AudienceManager ( formerly known as Demdex ) and DoubleClick/Google , by using those Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' opt-out tools .
You can access Adobe Audience Manager/Demdex 's tool at http :
//www.donottarget.com/ and DoubleClick 's tool at http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ads/ or as described in the next bullet point .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Other Information on the Site .
Some of these Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out :  The opt-out tools discussed above are " cookie based. "  
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser ( a process described below ) after opting out , you may have to opt out again to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are " browser-specific. "  
The opt-out preferences that you choose will apply only to the Web browser that you used when you selected these preferences .
This means , for example , that if you opt-out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the use of Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device .
It also means that opting-out on one Device will not affect the use of Other Information by Tracking Technologies on other Devices that you may use to access the Site .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular Device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :  Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the " Internet Options " sub-option of the " Tools " menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the " help " section of your browser for more information. )  
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on this Site .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH
CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
PLEASE SEE BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON
HOW TO MANAGE FLASH COOKIES .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site , you have a number of options :  You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :  Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the " Internet Options " sub-option of the " Tools " menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the " help " section of your browser for more information. )  
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here : http : //srp.viacom.com/sitefaq.html for more information about this Site and online behavioral advertising .
Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block Tracking Technologies from websites other than those you visit directly and , if so , certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices .
Further , if you delete , reject , disable or turn off Tracking Technologies , you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit http : //kb2.adobe.com
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit " do-not-track " signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as described above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described in Sections 4 ( b ) ( i ) , ( ii ) and ( iii ) .
GameTrailers may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special Promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from GameTrailers , either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates for GameTrailers .
The Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user 's telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional Information may be requested for specific Promotions , such as a user 's preferences regarding goods or services , choices of music or artists , or other similar survey information .
Depending on the Promotion , we may also collect an Internet email address or other Information and , depending on the Information collected , the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement .
We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party 's interception of messages or a user 's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device .
Users that register for GameTrailers ' wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the user 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from GameTrailers .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Site , GameTrailers , its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
To the extent we provide wireless marketing services , there are two registration methods provided for GameTrailers ' wireless marketing services .
Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the " single opt-in " or the " double-opt-in " ( Site/SMS ) method , at the discretion of GameTrailers depending on the type of Promotion .
Premium rate services will require the " double opt-in " ( Site/SMS or SMS/SMS ) method .
Single Opt-in Method
: In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
The user 's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to GameTrailers will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to GameTrailers to send text messages to him or her .
GameTrailers will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a " Thank you " message .
The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from GameTrailers or by sending a text message to GameTrailers that says " STOP " , " END " , " CANCEL " , " REMOVE " , " UNSUBSCRIBE " or " QUIT " .
Double Opt-in ( Site/SMS )
In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to this Site to start the registration process .
The user must affirmatively consent to GameTrailers ' sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number ( or wireless email address , only if requested by GameTrailers ) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site 's registration page .
The user must also agree to the Site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed .
GameTrailers will then send a " Confirmation " message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from GameTrailers to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the " Confirmation " message with a text message that states " YES " or " Y " that will indicate the user 's acceptance of GameTrailers ' wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the " Confirmation " message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the " Confirmation " message at any time provided that GameTrailers may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the " Confirmation " is only valid if the response is received while GameTrailers continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Double Opt-in ( SMS/SMS )
In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
GameTrailers will then send a " Confirmation " message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from GameTrailers to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the " Confirmation " message with a text message that states " YES " or " Y " that will indicate the user 's acceptance of GameTrailers ' wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the " Confirmation " message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the " Confirmation " message at any time provided that GameTrailers may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the " Confirmation " is only valid if the response is received while GameTrailers continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Termination of Wireless Services by User .
Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register , users may revoke their consent to receive messages from GameTrailers by the following procedure :  A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by GameTrailers at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says " STOP " , " END " , " CANCEL " , " REMOVE " , " UNSUBSCRIBE " or " QUIT " .
GameTrailers will terminate the user 's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user .
Any of these words followed by the word " ALL " in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with GameTrailers .
If the user unsubscribes from one or all of GameTrailers service ( s ) via his or her wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user 's previous opt-in .
Termination of Wireless Services by GameTrailers .
A user understands , acknowledges and agrees that GameTrailers may , in its sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
GameTrailers may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site .
GameTrailers will not use a wireless telephone number , wireless or conventional Internet email address , or other Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested , unless we provide advance notice of any other use .
We will not share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure .
We will share Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information .
Generally , we do not sell , rent , lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except if you consent to such disclosure or as described in this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We may disclose Personal Information to Parent Companies and Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes .
You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the " Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information " Section above .
Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed .
Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ( " Posting Information " ) , such as username .
We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of , and other services relating to , such Posting . iii .
In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features .
The Site may also offer co-branded services and features , such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Parent Companies or Affiliates ( " Co-Branded Partner " ) and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect the Information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service , along with the Co-Branded partner 's privacy policy .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy .
Disclosure to Operational Service Providers .
We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and Other Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site 's services , features , functions and operations .
We will refer to these third parties as " operational service providers " .
We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content , activities , services , features and functions we bring you
and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us .
v. Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties .
In addition to the above , we will make your Personal Information and Other Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances : When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency , court or other entity ( e.g. , to respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation ; If we believe your actions violate any law , rule , regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement , including , without limitation , this Privacy Policy , Rules or Additional Terms ; In connection with Promotions , as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws , rules or regulations ( for example , to provide winners ' lists or make required filings as appropriate ) ; If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes , in which case the third party 's use of your Information is subject to the third party 's own privacy policy ; If , in our sole discretion , we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate : to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries ; to protect our business and assets or the rights , property or safety of the Site , GameTrailers Corp. , the Parent Companies , the Affiliates , or any of its or their operational service providers , licensors , suppliers , Advertisers , customers , users , or any other party ; to limit our legal liability ; to defend our interests ; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or In the event of a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , sale , transfer of control , joint venture or other business combination involving us , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates . b .
Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information .
We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with third parties , but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Generally , you may review , update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , by clicking " Profile " or your display name at the top of the Site and then selecting " Edit Profile. "  
However , Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility , such as date of birth or age , can not be deleted , but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information .
We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID , as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current , but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID .
You may also exercise certain privacy settings options by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , clicking " Profile " or your display name at the top of the Site , selecting " Edit Profile " or " Manage Account " and selecting the " Privacy " tab .
Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user 's request , unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old .
If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated , we may decide not to provide access to such Information .
In such cases , we will provide to you an explanation of why access can not be provided and contact information for further inquiries .
Children or Ineligible Teenagers .
If we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site , such as a child ( a person under the age of 13 ) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site ( " Ineligible Teenagers " ) , the child ( or Ineligible Teenager ) or the child 's ( or Ineligible Teenager 's ) parent or legal guardian ( the " Parent " ) always has the right to unsubscribe ( opt-out ) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message .
The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor ( a person under the age of 18 , or the age of majority in your state ) .
In addition , Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's membership must use their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID to gain direct access to the account , and follow the procedures in the " Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use " Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's member ; alternatively , Parents may send an email to the Site 's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID and request to terminate your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
We will not allow direct access to a user 's account and Personal Information by any person without the user 's User ID .
If a Parent does not have his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID , the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent 's name , address , telephone and email address , in addition to the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's name and email address as registered on the Site , plus the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's date of birth .
The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager .
GameTrailers will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address .
GameTrailers will then terminate the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name , address and email address of the person making the request .
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100 % secure from intrusion , we maintain commercially reasonable physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information .
However , regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission .
We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site .
We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality .
Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers ' personal identity data and financial account credentials . "
Phishers " use ' spoofed ' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers , account usernames , passwords and social security numbers .
WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS
ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS , SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD !
If you receive such email communication , please forward it immediately to the Site 's Privacy Administrator at GameTrailers-feedback @
GameTrailers.com , and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer .
If you are a resident of the State of California , we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out ( which we may sometimes refer to as " unsubscribe " ) or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties ( such as Advertisers ) for marketing purposes .
Therefore , pursuant to the California Civil Code , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year .
If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices , please send a request by email to the Privacy Administrator at GameTrailers-feedback @
GameTrailers.com or by postal mail to Privacy Administrator New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , California 90404 .
All requests must be labeled " Your California Privacy Rights " on the email subject line or envelope or post card .
For all requests , please clearly state that the request is related to " Your California Privacy Rights " , include your name , street address , city , state , zip code and e-mail address
( your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email ) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent ( email or postal mail ) .
We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile .
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or do not have complete information .
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you .
Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting .
Notice of material changes will be posted on the Site 's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes ; the form of such notice is at our discretion .
However , we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates .
It is your responsibility to give us current , complete , truthful and accurate information , including Personal Information , and to keep such information up to date .
We can not and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate , truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information .
We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false , fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID , if applicable , and for any charges , costs , expenses , damages , liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so .
You , and not us , are solely responsible and liable for the activity , behavior , use and conduct on the Site under your User ID ( whether used by you or any others who use your User ID ) , unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised , misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party .
We reserve the right to deny access , use and registration privileges to any user , including without limitation , a registered user , of any services , features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user 's account or any services , features or functions .
Further , if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site , please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities , as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes .
GameTrailers is in no way responsible for the accuracy , use , or misuse of any information , including Personal Information , that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly , even without your knowledge or authorization .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect , maintain , use or share your Personal Information or Other Information , you may contact us directly by sending an email to GameTrailersfeedback @
GameTrailers.com or please contact our Privacy Administrator at New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , California 90404.
, c/o Privacy Administrator .
This document is the sole statement of the Site 's Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , but not limited to , machine-generated , is valid .
: Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site .
Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement .
This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately .
Copyright 2011 Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved .
Table of contents About Us Help & FAQ Feedback Site Map Terms & Conditions Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Advertise
With Us Press RSS Feeds GT Score Explained Spike digital entertainment GameTrailers Podcasts RSS Feeds GT on Tumblr Site Map
About Us Help & FAQs Terms & Conditions Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Advertise Press
Closed Captioning Contact Ad Choices Top Games Grand Theft Auto V Assassin 's Creed IV
: Black Flag Call Of Duty :
The Phantom Pain Killzone :
Shadow Fall Batman : Arkham Origins Pokemon X & Y Events E3
2013 GDC 2013 Game of the Year Awards 2012 VGA 10 GT Film Fest 2012 Zombie Week 2012
TGS 2013 PAX Prime 2013 gamescom 2013
Comic-Con 2013 Partners Cheat Codes
Tosh Political Humor Tribes Partners
The Comedy Awards Betty White Hot in Cleveland Games CheatMasters Viacom Media Networks Viacom Entertainment Group Copyright GameTrailers.com , all rights reserved .
Privacy Policy 1.1 King makes great games that offer fun , bitesize entertainment experiences for everyone to enjoy .
We at King respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games , website ( s ) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time ( Services ) .
In this document we refer to King.com Limited as King us , we or our and we refer to you as you and your . 1.2
This document , the " Privacy Policy " , explains how we collect , process and store any personal data belonging to you , meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Such information is referred to throughout this policy as " Personal Information " or data .
By accessing and/or using our Services you consent to us collecting , processing , storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not use our Services .
As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Services , you must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Services .
We are a company called King.com Limited .
We are registered in Malta , with registered number C42504 .
Our registered office is 125/14 The Strand , Gzira 1027 Malta .
3.1 We may collect and process the following data about you : information that you provide us with when you fill in forms when using our Services , or when you create an account with us ; details of your use of our Services and the resources that you access ( for example , information about how and when you play our games or visit our website ( s ) , or what device you use to access our Services ) ; if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you , we may keep a record of that correspondence ; your interactions with us on our social media channels ; and information we collect via cookies , as explained further below .
We use cookies and other similar technologies .
Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device .
We use cookies and similar technologies : to allow us to recognise you and your device , for example by identifying your IP address ; to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform ( where you have chosen to allow such interaction ) ; to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions ; to provide you with more customized Services , for example to provide our Services in the correct language ; to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them .
4.3 By accessing our website ( s ) or using our Services
you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so .
When you purchase Services on our website ( s ) , we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers , but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by King .
When you purchase items via our apps ( such as those you can purchase in the App Store , via Amazon Kindle or on Google Play ) we do not collect or store any payment information from you .
You agree that we ( or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions ) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of : contacting you , for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Services ; managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Services ; research , surveying , and engaging with you , for example by sending you communications ( including by email ) for these purposes ; marketing and promotion of our Services or related products , for example sending you communications ( including by email ) for these purposes on our , or a third party 's behalf .
For example , we might send you information about merchandise relating to our Services
If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at privacy @
support.king.com ; to create reports , analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence , for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services ; preventing cheating , crime or fraud .
We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention ; and as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law .
We will only share your data with third parties ( for example , our group companies or suppliers ) :
with your consent ( including as set out in this Privacy Policy ) ; as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you ( for example , by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you ) ; where it is necessary to carry out your instructions ( for example , to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors ) ; where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis , meaning you could not be personally identified from it ; when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels ( for example , by providing a testimonial about one of our Services ) we may publish the information you submitted , alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels ; as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation ; in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of King , our users , or others ; in the event that there is a sale of the assets of King or corporate restructuring , or as a result of a change of control of King or one of its group companies , or in preparation of any of these events .
Any third party to which King transfers of sells King 's assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy .
We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances .
8.1 You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform , which will provide data about you to us .
These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of , or controlled by King .
You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us .
You understand that where you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform , we may share data about you with your contacts ( and vice versa ) in order that you may enjoy playing socially .
This data includes your name , your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our games .
8.3 You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us , or stop our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider , however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Services .
9.1 We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Services .
We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , meet regulatory requirements , resolve disputes between members , prevent fraud , cheating or abuse , or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user .
Your Personal Information may be transferred to , and stored at , a destination outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss , alteration , unauthorised disclosure or access , use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession .
We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar games developers .
However , since the internet is not a completely secure environment we can not guarantee that information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards .
We may provide links to third party websites from our Services .
You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party 's privacy policy and not to ours .
Although we will endeavour only to link to reputable websites , King takes no responsibility for the content , safety or security of any third party website .
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you .
If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information , please contact us at privacy @
support.king.com - we may make a small charge for this .
13.2 We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date .
You may ask us to modify , correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above .
13.3 Information that you have shared via our Services on any social network or third party platform can not be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third party platform .
In addition , where any third party copies information which you have made available via the use of our Services ( for example , one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account ) , we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control .
You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
To change your marketing preferences , or to unsubscribe , please contact us at privacy @
To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above .
We hope that you wo n't have any complaints about us or our Services .
If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department by emailing privacy @
You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem .
If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable , the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected .
This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England .
Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England unless you choose the courts of your home country .
We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Services and our games .
We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business .
We will endeavour to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way .
If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 18 October 2013 .
Register Log in Home Games Blog Music Forum
Shop SQUARE ENIX AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date : October 1 , 2012
OVERVIEW Square Enix respects the privacy of our users and takes steps to protect your personal information .
This Square Enix America Privacy Policy ( " SEA Privacy Policy " ) explains how your information is used and collected .
Here is a quick summary of key points : We ask you for , and use technology to detect , information about you .
Some of this information is shared with others , including advertisers .
In addition , third parties , including advertisers and advertising services providers , may collect or be given information about you .
Here is some further detail :  We use technology to collect ingame behavior to improve game performance and backup ingame purchases should they need to be restored or accessed on another device .
To provide relevant advertising , possibly including location-based advertising , we may share nonPersonal Information ( such as the location of your Device ) with third parties .
We track media performance , which requires non-personal behavioral data be collected by third parties before the application or services is downloaded or used .
Although we may ask for Personal Information , we will not share such information , such as name and email address , with third parties , unless disclosed herein or you consent .
You may be served with targeted advertising , including location-based advertising .
By downloading or accessing one of our applications or services , you consent to the practices described in our SEA Privacy Policy .
If you wish to end your consent , uninstall mobile Services and discontinue accessing other Services .
Click here for an index of topics covered in our SEA Privacy Policy ; click on any topic for more details .
To print or receive a copy of the policies click here : SEA Privacy Policy , Terms of Service .
This SEA Privacy Policy only applies to any website , software or online application ( " Services " ) that is owned and/or operated by Square Enix , Inc. from the United States
( " Company " or " we , " " our " or " us " ) .
This SEA Privacy Policy governs the use of our Services , and also applies to all interactive elements accessed through our applications or services that we own or operate and make available ( collectively , the " Services " ) , regardless of how you access or use them .
Our SEA Privacy Policy covers only information collected through the Services directly by us , and does not apply to information collected by third parties that may interact with our Services , or to our data collection activities outside of our Services ( e.g. , through websites that support specific products , which may have different privacy policies ) .
For information collected by third parties or outside of our Services , separate and additional terms shall cover such data collection , storage , sharing and use .
This certification seal shown on this page confirms that SEA is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Program .
ESRB 's Privacy Program is designed to ensure that our information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all of our Services have been reviewed and certified by ESRB to meet established information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , ESRB independently monitors our Services , and administers other enforcement and accountability mechanisms .
For your California Privacy Rights and European Privacy Rights click on these links .
In addition , please review the Square Enix Terms of Service , which governs your use of the Services .
By using our Services , you consent to our SEA Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and our collection , storage , sharing and use of your information and data , and other activities , as described .
If you wish to end your consent going forward , do not access the Services , and in the case of mobile applications , uninstall the mobile Services immediately .
It is important that you read and understand the entire SEA Privacy Policy before using the Services .
However , this table of contents highlights key points .
You must click on the headings for a more detailed explanation .
To print or receive a copy of the policies click here : SEA Privacy Policy , Terms of Service .
What Information Do the Services Collect ?
You Choose to Provide to Us
You may give us Personal Information and other information when you register or contact us .
Information We Collect as You Access and Use the Services Tracking Technologies collect Usage Information based on your Device Identifier .
This helps do things like deliver preferred content , track game play advancement , and send you relevant ads .
A link to certain privacy policies and optout options of some thirdparty Tracking Technologies may be included .
However , we may condition your use of these Services upon your not optingout of such thirdparty Tracking Technologies .
Information Third Parties Provide about You
If you interact with thirdparty sites ( such as using Facebook to log in ) , those sites may send us information about you or we may send them information about you .
Information and Interacting with ThirdParty Locations You should review the applicable thirdparty privacy policies before using thirdparty tools on our Services , and we are not responsible for these parties ' practices .
These include login and social communications tools .
Information You Provide about a Third Party
You may give us information about others , such as when you send a friend a message .
We will not use their Personal Information to separately market to them unless they consent .
How Do We Use the Information We Collect ?
Use of Information by Us
We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes .
Square Enix Members Account We may update your existing Square Enix Members account , or create one for you , with information collected via the Services .
How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties ?
We provide your information to third parties under various circumstances .
These include :  When You Agree to Receive Information from Third Parties
Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf Administrative and Legal Reasons Business Transfer Cobranded Areas
Your California Privacy Rights Your European Privacy Rights
User Generated Content and Public Information
Posting content in public areas makes it available to others .
You grant us the right to use your name , likeness and/or usernames in connection with your posting and activities .
Do ThirdParty Content and Links to Third Party Services Appear on the Services ?
We are not responsible for thirdparty websites or your interaction with thirdparty content .
Do ThirdParty Applications Appear on the Services ?
We are not responsible for your interaction with thirdparty applications .
What About Third-Party Ads Served on the Services ?
We and third parties may send you targeted or untargeted ads based on your location and behavior .
If you object , uninstall and/or do not use our Services that contain advertising .
How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences ?
You may change certain account information and preferences .
What about Transfer of Information to the United States ?
Data is transferred to the United States .
What Should Parents Know about Children ?
All of our Services are targeted towards users 13 years old and up .
We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children under 13 years old .
If you think we have accidently collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years old , please let us know .
No data security is absolute , but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately .
What if I have a Question or Complaint ?
What About Changes to the SEA Privacy Policy ?
We may change this SEA Privacy Policy as explained here .
The Full Privacy Policy Information You Choose to Provide to Us On the Services ( or via websites or apps related to the Services )
, we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as : ( 1 ) personally identifiable information , which is information that identifies you personally , such as your first and last name , email address , and address/location ( " Personal Information " ) ; and ( 2 ) demographic information , such as information about gender , age , marital status , education level , and occupation ( " Demographic Information " ) .
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Services , including account registration forms and " contactus " forms .
If we combine Demographic Information with the Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Services , we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
Information We Collect as You Access and Use the Services
We and our thirdparty service providers may use a variety of technologies that passively collect certain nonpersonal information whenever you use the Services ( " Usage Information " ) via a device or browser used to interact with our Services ( any , a " Device " ) .
This Usage Information may include the type or browser and/or platform that you are using , the location that referred you to our Services , the areas within our Services that you visit and your activities there , your Device location , your Device characteristics and certain Device data , and the time of day you access our Services , among other information .
We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes , including assessing , enhancing or otherwise improving our Services or our activities in connection with them .
In addition , we may collect your IP address or other unique identifier , or assign one to your Device ( each a " Device Identifier " ) , so that our computers can identify the Device .
We may access and use Device Identifiers that have already been associated with your Device , and may modify such identifiers to create a new identifier or associate a wholly new identifier with you or your Device .
Usage Information may be nonidentifying or may be associated with you .
Neither Usage Information nor a Device Identifier is treated by us as Personal Information unless we combine it with Personal Information , in which case we will treat such combined data as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services may collect and transmit precise , realtime information about the location of your Device .
For mobile games , you are made aware of this at the time you first open the Services with this functionality .
Unless it is needed for operation or monetization of the Services , the Services may give you the option to turn location tracking on or off or otherwise manage location services .
You can always terminate our location tracking by uninstalling the Services .
We may use various now , and later , developed technologies to collect Device Identifiers , Usage Information and Demographic Information about you ( " Tracking Technologies " ) .
A few of the methods that may be used to collect such data include , without limitation , the following ( and subsequent technology and methods later developed ) :  Cookies .
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Services ( " Cookies " ) .
Cookies may be used for many purposes described in our SEA Cookie Policy , including , without limitation , remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to and activities on the Services .
Some features of the Services may not function properly if you choose to disable Cookies , and some types of Flash and HTML5 Cookies may not be disabled using browsers .
In some instances , especially with respect to mobile , we may require you to uninstall / not use the Services rather than have a poor experience from disabling Cookies .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a thirdparty service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Services , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as " 1x1 GIFs " or " clear GIFs " ) may be included in our Services ' pages and messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or email can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the Services , to monitor how users navigate the Services , to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened , or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
ETag , or entity tag .
A feature of the cache in browsers , an ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL .
If the resource content at that URL ever changes , a new and different ETag is assigned .
Used in this manner , ETags are a form of Device Identifier .
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP , Flash , and HTML5 cookies .
Third parties may use Tracking Technologies with our Services .
We may not control those third-party Tracking Technologies and in such event , we are not responsible for them .
However , you consent to potentially encountering third-party Tracking Technologies in connection with the use of our Services , and accept that our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties .
This applies even if they share the collected data with us , except that if we combine that data with Personal Information we have collected on the Services , we will treat it as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy .
For more information on advertising and related Tracking Technologies , click here Certain third parties that associate Tracking Devices with our Services
have given us notice of their privacy policies , some of which include the ability to exercise certain opt-out elections and other choices .
A list of these is available here .
Please note that optingout may require you to uninstall or otherwise stop using the Services .
We do not represent the completeness or accuracy of the information they provide or their compliance with their representations .
We may , from time to time , supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Services with outside records from third parties for various purposes , including to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor content and ads to you , and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you .
To the extent we combine such information we receive from those sources with your Personal Information we collect on the Services , it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this SEA Privacy Policy to such combined information , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
In no other circumstances do our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties , even if they have used our technology to collect it and share it with us .
Information from and Interacting with Third-Party Locations
The Services may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Services and your account on a thirdparty web site or application .
Here are two examples :  Login .
We may provide an option to use your Facebook , Google or other account provided by a thirdparty site or application to facilitate the registration and login or transaction process on the Services .
If you choose to use such options to access our Services , the thirdparty site or application may send Personal Information about you to the Services .
If so , we will then treat it as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy .
You can also engage with our content on or through thirdparty social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or thirdparty social media plugins and applications ) .
When you engage with our content on or through thirdparty social networking sites , plugins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , email address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the ' likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of the information you provided in accordance with this SEA Privacy Policy .
However , please be aware that we may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties , these third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities , and these third parties are not subject to this SEA Privacy Policy .
You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such third party tools on our Services , and we are not responsible for these third parties ' practices .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use : Click
You Provide About a Third Party
You may send someone else a communication from the Services , such as sending an invitation or message to a friend .
If so , the information you provide about them ( names , email addresses , etc. )  is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person
or we explicitly say otherwise .
Please be aware that when you use any " sendtoafriend " functionality on our Services , your Personal Information may be included in the communication sent to your addressee ( s ) .
Some of these tools may be thirdparty tools subject to thirdparty privacy policies , as further detailed in Section 1 ( d ) above .
Use of Information by Us
We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information or Usage Information that is subject to this SEA Privacy Policy : ( 1 ) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive , including electronic newsletters , special offers , or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties ; ( 2 ) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Services ' features ; ( 3 ) to process your registration with the Services , including verifying your information is active and valid ; ( 4 ) to create a Square Enix Members Account to provide you access to the Square Enix Members Service ; ( 5 ) to improve the Services , to customize your experience on the Services , or to serve you specific content that is relevant to you , including targeted advertising ; ( 5 ) to contact you with regard to your use of the Services and , in our discretion , changes to the Services and/or Services ' policies ; ( 6 ) for internal business purposes ; and ( 7 ) for purposes otherwise disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this SEA Privacy Policy .
Square Enix Members Account Upon your installation of the Services and acceptance of this SEA Privacy Policy and the SEA Terms of Service
, information collected via the Services may be used to create a new , or update your existing , Square Enix Members Account , which is also subject to this SEA Privacy Policy .
The Square Enix Members website and services are maintained by our strategic partner ONEsite , Inc. , under which their Terms of Service and Privacy Policy may be applicable : http : //www.onesite.com/legal/privacy-policy .
Please note that information submitted to the Services via a " contact us " or other similar function will not be used to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your inquiry unless you agree otherwise .
We may share nonPersonal Information , such as aggregated user statistics , with third parties .
We may share your Device Identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities .
We do not share your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you with third parties for those third parties ' marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing , which may be sought and obtained as part of the installation or registration process for some of our Services or at the time you provide your Personal Information .
We and/or third parties may collect , and share with others , your Device Identifiers and Usage Information in connection with advertising as more fully explained in Section 7 .
In addition , we may share the information we have collected about you , including Personal Information , as disclosed at the time you provide your information or as described in this SEA Privacy Policy .
When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties You may be presented with an option on our Services to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties .
If you choose to do so , your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties .
We are not responsible for such thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties and , therefore , you should review such thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them .
If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from one of these third parties , you will need to contact that third party directly .
Third Parties Providing Administrative Services on Our Behalf
We may use thirdparty vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Services , such as hosting the Services , developing , designing and/or operating the Services ' features , tracking the Services ' activities and analytics , and enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services .
These vendors may be granted access to user information , including Device Identifiers and Personal Information , to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us .
Thirdparty analytics service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you , potentially including Personal Information , about you .
We are not responsible for those thirdparty technologies or activities arising out of them and our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to them .
We may access , use , preserve , transfer and disclose your information ( including Device Identifiers and Personal Information ) , to third parties : ( i ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , subpoenas , governmental requests or legal process , if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law ;
( ii ) to protect and/or defend the Services ' Terms of Service or other policies applicable to the Services , including investigation of potential violations thereof ; ( iii ) to protect the safety , rights , property or security of the Services , our staff , or any third party ;
and/or ( iv ) to detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
Further , we may use IP addresses or other Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright and trademark owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies , including disclosing such information to such third parties , all in our discretion , subject to applicable law .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
Business Transfer We may share your information , including your Device Identifiers and Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliates outside of the United States .
We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information : ( i ) to a subsequent owner , coowner or operator of the Services or applicable database ; or ( ii ) in connection with a merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change , including during the course of any related due diligence process .
Certain areas of the Services may be provided to you in association with third parties ( " CoBranded Areas " ) such as licensors , sponsors or charities and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them .
Such CoBranded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you information .
If you elect to register for their products and/or services , communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications , at CoBranded Areas , you may be providing your information to both us and the third party .
Further , if you signin to a CoBranded Area with a username and password obtained on the Services , your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that CoBranded Area .
We are not responsible for such third party 's data collection or practices and you should look to such thirdparty privacy policies for more information .
Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have supplied " personal information , " as defined in the statute , to the Services to ( under certain circumstances ) request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure , if any , of certain information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We comply with this law by having you consent to this SEA Privacy Policy before we collect any of your personal information .
Your European Privacy Rights If you are a resident of Europe and would like to ask us not to process your personal data ( or not to provide it to third parties to process ) for marketing purposes , please stop using the Service , or in the case of a mobile game Service , uninstall the Service .
User Generated Content and Public Information
The Services may permit you to submit text , dialogue , ideas , photographs , user profiles , writings , music , video , audio recordings , computer graphics , pictures , data , questions , comments , suggestions , content created using an ingame tool , or other content , including Personal Information ( collectively , " User Content " ) on blogs , message boards , through gameplay or other channels .
We or others may store , display , reproduce , publish , distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format ( currently existing or later developed ) and may or may not attribute it to you .
Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties .
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share , including Personal Information , in connection with your User Content .
Please note that Company does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public , and can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure .
Our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to any information that you disclose publicly , share with others or otherwise upload onto the publicly accessible locations in our Services .
We are not responsible for the accuracy , use or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Services .
We may also publish your name , voice , likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Content , and we may use the content , or any portion of the content , for advertising , marketing , publicity and promotional activities .
For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the Services , please review our SEA Terms of Service .
The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party , and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Services are served to you .
In addition , when you are on the Services , you may be directed to other sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control , which may collect Personal Information .
We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their sites .
For example , if you " click " on a link , the " click " may take you off the Services onto a different site .
These other sites may associate their Tracking Technologies with you , independently collect data about you , including Personal Information , and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to review the thirdparty privacy policies of all thirdparty locations and exercise caution in connection with them .
Thirdparty applications may be available via the Services ( such as ingame advertising for other applications that can be accessed by you ) .
The owners of these applications ( " ThirdParty Owners " ) may collect Personal Information and other data from you and may have their own policies and practices .
We are not responsible for how ThirdParty Owners or their applications collect or use your information .
These ThirdParty Owners may have their own terms of service , privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same .
We are not responsible for these thirdparty privacy policies or the practices of ThirdParty Owners .
Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a thirdparty application or otherwise interacting with it and exercise caution in connection with these applications .
The Services may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve targeted advertisements on the Services based on your behavior on and off of our Services , and may use thirdparty analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of the Services and viewing of ads and of our content .
By installing and using our Services , you consent to these practices , including the sharing of data about you with these third parties and their own collection of such data as discussed further below .
If you object , uninstall / do not use our Services .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements , which may be based on your visits to the Services and other locations you have visited .
Thirdparty ad serving enables us and others to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
The Services ' thirdparty ad network providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own Cookies and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier .
These thirdparty Tracking Technologies may be set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
You acknowledge and agree that associated technology may access and use your Device and may set or change settings on your Device in connection with the associated operations .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of content ) served by third parties in association with thirdparty ads or other content may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Thirdparty Cookies ( including flash cookies ) and other Tracking Technologies are governed by each thirdparty 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
Our representations regarding our practices in this SEA Privacy Policy do not extend to the practices of these thirdparty advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect .
We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of thirdparty advertisers or advertising networks .
We use third parties analytics tools in order to develop and analyze the use of the Services .
For more information and the options they may make available to you , please review this page .
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us , such as your contact information provided as part of registration .
The Services may allow you to review , correct or update Personal Information you have provided by logging in to Square Enix Members and/or the thirdparty service used to login ( such as Facebook or Gamecenter ) .
European residents should also see Section 3 ( g ) above .
If so , we will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our thenactive databases as soon as reasonably practical .
You can prospectively stop all collection of information by our Services by uninstalling and/or ceasing to use the Services .
With respect to mobile , you may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your applicable Device or via the appropriate application or app marketplace .
Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons .
Also , if you have made any public postings on the Services such as in forums or blogs , these communications generally can not be removed .
When you edit your Personal Information or change your preferences on the Services , information that you remove may persist internally for Company 's administrative purposes .
You may cancel or modify our email marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional emails or where applicable , by logging into an account you have created for our services .
This will not affect subsequent access to the Services and your optout may be limited to certain types of emails .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Services , such as administrative and service announcements , and you will continue to receive these transactional account messages even if you optout from receiving our marketing communications .
If you have any questions about the SEA Privacy Policy or practices describe in it , you should contact us by sending a letter here : Square Enix , Inc. , Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .
You can also contact us by emailing us at na.privacypolicy @
Unlike services operated by our affiliates , Square Enix , Inc. 's Services are operated in the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including Personal Information , will be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States .
The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located , and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States .
By using the Services , or providing us with any information , you consent to the transfer to , and processing , usage , sharing and storage of your information , including Personal Information , in the United States as set forth in this SEA Privacy Policy .
Company complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor Program , and to view Company 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor .
SQUARE ENIX is also certified by the ESRB Privacy Online Program .
The Services are general audience games and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children younger than the age of 13 as required by U.S. law .
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 , and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us , please contact us at Square Enix , Inc. ,
Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator COPPA , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .
You can also contact us by emailing us at na.privacypolicy @
We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information .
However , no data transmission over the Internet , mobile networks , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use our Services and provide us with your information at your own risk .
If you have any questions or wish to file a complaint , please feel free to email us at na.privacypolicy @
square-enix.com , or send a letter addressed to Square Enix , Inc. ,
SEA Privacy Policy Administrator , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .
SQUARE ENIX is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address , please contact ESRB directly at http : //www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp .
ESRB Privacy Online Attn : Director , Privacy Online 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor New York ,
We reserve the right to change this SEA Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised SEA Privacy Policy .
However , we will require you to opt-in upon sign-in if we make material changes .
To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable , such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable .
End Square Enix Policy dated October 1 , 2012
About us Jobs Support Global site Terms of Use Unsolicited Content Policy Privacy Policy SE Mobile Site RSS English ( US ) 2013 SQUARE ENIX LTD .
All Rights Reserved SQUARE ENIX and the SQUARE ENIX logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd .
Square Enix , Inc. , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .
Sportsbooks Fantasy Poker Horses Casinos Lottery Vegas SEARCH Sign
In Register HOME SCORES ODDS CONSENSUS NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAAF
About Covers Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Privacy Policy Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information of non-employee Persons who interact with Covers Media Group Ltd. that is collected , used or disclosed Covers Media Group Ltd . Non-employee Persons in this context includes Individuals who are viewers , readers , subscribers , advertisers , contest participants , forum members , customers , Internet users who are exposed to the media and e-commerce content of Covers Media Group Ltd .
The Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy applies to the management of Personal Information in any form whether oral , electronic or written .
Covers Media Group Ltd. reserves the right to amend this Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy from time to time .
The application of the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy is subject to the requirements or provisions of any applicable legislation , regulations or agreements , or the order of any court or other lawful authority .
The Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy does not impose any limits on the collection , use or disclosure of the following information by Covers Media Group Ltd. :  a ) Information which is available publicly , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ;  b ) Information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or c )
Aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Covers Media Group Ltd. customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website .
Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes :  a )
To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ;  b )
To understand Individual needs ;  c )
To enhance , develop , market or provide products and services ; and d ) To meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Covers Media Group Ltd. corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Covers Media Group Ltd. , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy .
As examples of the above :  i )
Covers Media Group Ltd. may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Covers Media Group Ltd. products and services ;  ii )
If a Person indicated that they was interested in receiving offers or information from Covers Media Group Ltd. or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Covers Media Group Ltd. may send the Person materials about products and services that Covers Media Group Ltd. feels may be of interest to the Person ; and iii )
If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Covers Media Group Ltd. website , Covers Media Group Ltd. may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion .
Covers Media Group Ltd. will make a reasonable effort to make sure Persons understand how their Personal Information will be used by Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Covers Media Group Ltd. will obtain consent from Persons before or when it collects or uses the Personal Information .
Covers Media Group Ltd. will not attempt to deceive Persons into giving consent .
A Person 's consent can be express , implied , or given through an authorized representative .
A Person can withdraw consent at any time , with certain exceptions noted herein .
Covers Media Group Ltd. , however , may collect , use or disclose Personal Information without the Person 's knowledge or consent in exceptional circumstances where such collection , use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law .
Note : If any Person has any questions or concerns about Covers Media Group Ltd 's privacy practices , the Person can either :  
Write to Customer Service - Privacy , Covers Media Group Ltd. , Victoria House , Victoria Place , Eyre Square , Galway , Ireland ii )
Provide information to Covers Media Group Ltd. through the form provided on our feedback page .
Subject to legal and contractual requirements , a Person can refuse to consent to Covers Media Group Ltd 's collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information about the Person , or a Person may withdraw the Person 's consent to Covers Media Group Ltd 's further collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information at any time in the future by giving Covers Media Group Ltd. reasonable notice , unless :  i )
The consent relates to certain information required for credit approval which a Person applies for or accepts , ii )
The consent is otherwise required by law or iii )
the use or disclosure is permitted by law or is related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein .
If a Person refuses or withdraws the Person 's consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not be able to provide the Person or continue to provide the Person with some products , services or information which may be of value to the Person .
Personal Information may be collected when a user conducts activities on or related to all websites of Covers Media Group Ltd. ( see " Covers Media Group Ltd .
Companies Sites " ) or related to services made available on the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Although information collected , used or disclosed on the Internet as described below often does not constitute Personal Information ( and to the extent that such is the case , then the obligations under the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy do not extend to such information ) , Covers Media Group Ltd. provides the details below about Internet aspects of Covers Media Group Ltd. services for the purposes of disclosure .
When the user 's web browser requests a web page from another computer on the Internet , it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information .
This address is called the computer 's " IP address. "  
For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider ( ISP ) , the IP address will be different every time the user logs on .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may use the user 's IP Address to :  a )
Facilitate the diagnosis and remedy of a technical problem reported by the user 's or Covers Media Group Ltd 's technical team .
b ) Display ( or allow the display by Third Party advertising providers of ) more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on the user 's geographic area .
c ) Estimate user traffic from specific countries or organizations .
Many IP addresses are commonly associated with Internet service providers , universities , or major corporations in specific regions or localities .
Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers .
A cookie is a small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to the user 's web browser from a web site 's computers and is stored on the user 's computer 's hard drive .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to a user 's computer .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may use cookies to :  a ) Improve the operation and performance of the Covers Media Group Ltd. services and to make Covers Media Group Ltd. services easier and more convenient to use .
For example , cookies help Covers Media Group Ltd. provide more personalized services by recalling user preferences on subsequent visits ( e.g. language preference ) .
Cookies also allow Covers Media Group Ltd. to save passwords and preferences for a user so that the user will not have to re-enter them on the next visit to a Covers Media Group Ltd. website ;  b )
Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to Covers Media Group Ltd. websites and advertisements ( e.g. number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) .
This information helps Covers Media Group Ltd. to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides Covers Media Group Ltd. with details as to the performance of Third Party advertisements and content .
This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to Covers Media Group Ltd 's current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners .
No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ;  c ) Display advertisements .
Covers Media Group Ltd. and Third Party advertising providers may use cookies when serving advertisements on Covers Media Group Ltd. websites .
In some cases , advertisements from Third Party advertisers are delivered to users ( in conjunction with Covers Media Group Ltd. services ) by such Third Party advertisers , or by separately contracted advertising providers on their behalf , and not by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; as such , the Third-party advertisers ' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy , and users should consult the privacy policies of such Third Party advertisers .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
If a user prefers , the user can reset his/her browser either to notify the user when the user has received a cookie , or to refuse to accept cookies .
The user should understand that while Covers Media Group Ltd. do not require a user to use cookies , certain Covers Media Group Ltd. services will not function properly if a user sets his/her browser to not accept cookies .
A Covers Media Group Ltd. website may contain links to other websites and services .
While Covers Media Group Ltd. try to link only to sites and services that share Covers Media Group Ltd 's high standards and respect for privacy , a user should understand that Covers Media Group Ltd. is not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites .
This Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy applies only to the Covers Media Group Ltd. services related to this Covers Media Group Ltd .
The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with Covers Media Group Ltd. services are served through one or more reputable Third Party advertisement-serving companies which deliver the advertisements to users in conjunction with Covers Media Group Ltd. services .
For more information about what information is collected and how information is used by a major Third Party advertising provider click here .
Covers Media Group Ltd .
Companies automatically collect certain information about the user 's computer hardware and software .
This information may include : browser type , operating system type , domain names , access times and referring Web site addresses .
This information is used by Covers Media Group Ltd. to operate the service , to maintain the quality of the service , and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Certain Covers Media Group Ltd. services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company .
If a user registers for or uses such services , both Covers Media Group Ltd. and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services .
Covers Media Group Ltd .
Definitions Collection - the act of gathering , acquiring , recording or obtaining Personal Information from any source , including third parties , by any means .
Consent - voluntary agreement with the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information for defined purposes .
Consent can be either express or implied and can be provided directly by the Person or by an authorized representative .
Express consent can be given orally , electronically or in writing but is always unequivocal and does not require any inference on the part of Covers Media Group Ltd ..  
Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from a Person 's action or inaction .
Disclosure - making Personal Information available to a Third Party .
Individual - an individual other than an Employee who ( a ) Corresponds with Covers Media Group Ltd. , including complaints and including applications for employment
; ( b ) Enters an contest or forum sponsored by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; or ( c ) Uses , or applies to use , the products or services of Covers Media Group Ltd ..  Person - an Individual .
Personal Information - information about an identifiable Person , but not : a ) Information that is publicly available , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ; b ) Business-contact information , such as the name , title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization ; c ) Information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or d )
Aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Covers Media Group Ltd. customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website .
Third Party - a person other than the Person or his agent , or an organization other than a Covers Media Group Ltd ..  
Use - the treatment , handling , and management of Personal Information by the Covers Media Group Ltd ..  
Principle 1 - Accountability Covers Media Group Ltd. is responsible for Personal Information under its control and shall designate one or more persons who are accountable for Covers Media Group Ltd 's compliance with the following principles .
1.1 Responsibility for ensuring compliance with the provisions of the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy rests with the senior management of Covers Media Group Ltd. , which shall designate one or more persons to be accountable for compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Other people within Covers Media Group Ltd. may be delegated to act on behalf of the designated person ( s ) or to take responsibility for the day-to-day collection and processing of Personal Information .
1.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. has designated a Chief Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
The Chief Privacy Officer can be contacted at Chief Privacy Officer , 26 Monivea Park , Ballybane , Galway City , Ireland .
Covers Media Group Ltd. is responsible for Personal Information in its possession or control , including information that has been transferred to a Third Party for processing .
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall use appropriate means to provide a comparable level of protection while information is being processed by a Third Party ( see Principle 7 ) .
1.4 Covers Media Group Ltd. has implemented policies and procedures to give effect to the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy , including : a ) Implementing procedures to protect Personal Information and to oversee Covers Media Group Ltd 's compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy ; b ) Establishing procedures to receive and respond to inquiries or complaints ; c ) Training and communicating to staff about Covers Media Group Ltd 's policies and practices ; and d )
Developing public information to explain Covers Media Group Ltd 's policies and practices .
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes for Collection of Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the purposes set out below , and shall identify the purposes for which Personal Information is collected at or before the time the information is collected .
2.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes : a ) To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ; b ) To understand Individual needs ; c ) To develop , enhance , market or provide products and services ; d ) To meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Covers Media Group Ltd. corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Covers Media Group Ltd. , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy .
As examples of the above :  i )
Covers Media Group Ltd. may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Covers Media Group Ltd. products and services ;  ii )
If a Person indicated that he/she was interested in receiving offers or information from Covers Media Group Ltd. or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Covers Media Group Ltd. may send the Person materials about products and services that Covers Media Group Ltd. feels may be of interest to the Person ; and iii )
If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Covers Media Group Ltd. website , Covers Media Group Ltd. may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion .
Further references to " identified purposes " mean the purposes identified in this Principle 2 . 2.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall specify orally , electronically or in writing the identified purposes to the Person at or before the time Personal Information is collected .
Upon request , persons collecting Personal Information shall explain these identified purposes or refer the Person to a designated person within Covers Media Group Ltd. who shall explain the purposes .
Unless required by law , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall not use or disclose , for any new purpose , Personal Information that has been collected without first identifying the new purpose and obtaining the consent of the Person .
Principle 3 - Obtaining Consent for Collection , Use or Disclosure of Personal Information
The knowledge and consent of a Person are required for the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information , except where inappropriate .
3.1 Generally , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information at the same time it collects the information .
However , Covers Media Group Ltd. may seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information after it has been collected but before it is used or disclosed for a new purpose .
3.2 In obtaining consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that a Person is advised of the identified purposes for which Personal Information will be used or disclosed .
Purposes shall be stated in a manner that can be reasonably understood by the Person .
3.3 Covers Media Group Ltd. will require Individuals to consent to the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information as a condition of the supply of a product or service only if such collection , use or disclosure is required to fulfill the identified purposes .
In determining the appropriate form of consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall take into account the sensitivity of the Personal Information and the reasonable expectations of the Persons .
In general , the use of products and services by an Individual constitutes implied consent for Covers Media Group Ltd. to collect , use and disclose Personal Information for all identified purposes .
3.6 An Individual may withdraw consent at any time , subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice .
Individuals may contact Covers Media Group Ltd. for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent .
In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person .
For example , Covers Media Group Ltd. may collect or use Personal Information without knowledge or consent if it is clearly in the interests of the Person and consent can not be obtained in a timely way , such as when the Person is a minor , seriously ill or mentally incapacitated .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may also collect , use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent if seeking the consent of the Person might defeat the purpose of collecting the information such as in the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may also use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent in the case of an emergency where the life , health or security of an individual or property is threatened .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent to collect a debt , to comply with a subpoena , warrant or other court order , or as may be otherwise related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein .
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection of Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. shall limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Covers Media Group Ltd ..  
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall collect Personal Information by fair and lawful means .
4.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. collects Personal Information primarily from Individuals .
4.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. may also collect Personal Information from other sources including credit bureaus , employers or personal references , or other third parties that represent that they have the right to disclose the information .
Principle 5 - Limiting Use , Disclosure and Retention of Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. shall not use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected , except with the consent of the Person or as required by law .
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall retain Personal Information only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected .
In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person .
( See Principle 3.7 )  5.2
In addition , Covers Media Group Ltd. may disclose a Person 's Personal Information to : a )
Another person for the development , enhancement , marketing or provision of any of the products or services of Covers Media Group Ltd. ; b ) A person who , in the reasonable judgment of the Covers Media Group Ltd. , is seeking the information as an agent of the Person ; c )
Any Covers Media Group Ltd. to permit the provision of services requested by the Person , and d ) A Third Party or Third Parties , where the Person consents to such disclosure or disclosure is required by law .
5.4 Only those Employees of Covers Media Group Ltd. who require access for business reasons , or whose duties reasonably so require , or properly designated representatives of Covers Media Group Ltd. , are granted access to Personal Information about Individuals .
5.5 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall keep Personal Information only as long as it remains necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or as required by law .
Depending on the circumstances , where Personal Information has been used to make a decision about a Person , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall retain , for a period of time that is reasonably sufficient to allow for access by the Person , either the actual information or the rationale for making the decision .
5.6 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall maintain reasonable and systematic controls , schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction which apply to Personal Information that is no longer necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or required by law to be retained .
Such information shall be destroyed , erased or made anonymous .
Principle 6 - Accuracy of Personal Information Personal Information shall be as accurate , complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used .
6.1 Personal Information used by Covers Media Group Ltd. shall be sufficiently accurate , complete and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inappropriate information may be used to make a decision about a Person .
6.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall update Personal Information about Persons as and when necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or upon notification by the Person .
Principle 7 - Security Safeguards Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information .
7.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information against such risks as loss or theft , unauthorized access , disclosure , copying , use , modification or destruction , through appropriate security measures .
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect the information regardless of the format in which it is held .
7.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information disclosed to third parties by contractual agreements stipulating the confidentiality of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used .
All employees of Covers Media Group Ltd. with access to Personal Information shall be required as a condition of employment to respect the confidentiality of Personal Information .
Concerning Policies and Practices Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make readily available to Persons specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of Personal Information .
8.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make information about its policies and practices easy to understand , including : a )
The title and address of the person or persons accountable for the compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy and to whom inquiries or complaints can be forwarded ; b ) The means of gaining access to Personal Information held by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; and c )
A description of the type of Personal Information held by Covers Media Group Ltd. , including a general account of its use .
8.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make available information to help Persons exercise choices regarding the use of their Personal Information .
Principle 9 - Access to Personal Information Covers Media Group Ltd. shall inform a Person of the existence , use and disclosure of his or her Personal Information upon request and shall give the Person access to that information .
A Person shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the Personal Information and have it amended as appropriate .
, Covers Media Group Ltd. shall afford to a Person a reasonable opportunity to review the Personal Information in the Person 's file .
Personal Information shall be provided in understandable form within a reasonable time and at minimal or no cost to the Person .
In certain situations , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not be able to provide access to all of the Personal Information that they hold about a Person .
For example , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not provide access to information if doing so would likely reveal Personal Information about a Third Party or could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another person .
Also , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not provide access to information if disclosure would reveal confidential commercial information , if the information is protected by solicitor-client privilege , if the information was generated in the course of a formal dispute resolution process , or if the information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law , or if the information was collected as part of journalistic , literary or artistic activities .
If access to Personal Information can not be provided , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide the reasons for denying access upon request .
Upon request , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide an account of the use and disclosure of Personal Information and , where reasonably possible , shall state the source of the information .
In providing an account of disclosure , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide a list of organizations to which it may have disclosed Personal Information about the individual when it is not possible to provide an actual list .
In order to safeguard Personal Information , an individual or employee may be required to provide sufficient identification information to permit Covers Media Group Ltd. to account for the existence , use and disclosure of Personal Information and to authorize access to the individual 's file .
Any such information shall be used only for this purpose .
9.5 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall promptly correct or complete any Personal Information found to be inaccurate or incomplete .
Any unresolved differences as to accuracy or completeness shall be noted in the Person 's file .
Where appropriate , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall transmit to third parties having access to the Personal Information in question any amended information or the existence of any unresolved differences .
A Person can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting a designated representative at Covers Media Group Ltd. principal office .
An employee can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting his or her immediate supervisor within Covers Media Group Ltd ..  
Principle 10 - Challenging Compliance
A Person shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated person or persons accountable for the compliance of Covers Media Group Ltd. with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
10.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall maintain procedures for addressing and responding to all inquiries or complaints from Persons about Covers Media Group Ltd 's handling of their Personal Information .
If any Person at any time has any questions or concerns about Covers Media Group Ltd 's privacy practices , please contact us at :  Covers Media Group Ltd .
Victoria House , Victoria Place Eyre Square , Galway , Ireland Ireland
You may contact us through our feedback page
You may contact us by phone on 1-866-662-6837 10.2 Covers Media Group Ltd.
shall inform Persons about the existence of these procedures as well as the availability of complaint procedures .
The person or persons accountable for compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy may seek external advice where appropriate before providing a final response to individual complaints .
10.4 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall investigate all complaints concerning compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
If a complaint is found to be justified , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall take appropriate measures to resolve the complaint including , if necessary , amending its policies and procedures .
A Person shall be informed of the outcome of the investigation regarding his or her complaint .
Site Map | Help | About | Advertising | Contact Us | Careers | Privacy | Terms of Service Features : Print Sheets | Covers RSS feeds | Covers Facebook Page | Covers on Twitter | Mobile Copyright 1995-2013 Covers Media Group Ltd .
Activities offered by advertising links to other sites may be deemed an illegal activity in certain jurisdictions .
Viewers are specifically warned that they should inquire into the legality of participating in any games and/or activities offered by such other sites .
The owner of this website assumes no responsibility for the actions by and makes no representation or endorsement of any of these games and/or activities offered by the advertiser .
As a condition of viewing this website viewers agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from the viewer 's participation in any of the games and/or activities offered by the advertiser .
Privacy Policy Geekdo takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Geekdo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or companies , except when we have your explicit permission ( for example , to pass on your contact information when you have won a contest ) .
You will not get on a spammer 's list because of your interactions with Geekdo .
Geekdo collects personal information when you register with Geekdo , when you use Geekdo products or services , when you visit Geekdo pages or the pages of certain Geekdo partners , and when you enter Geekdo contests .
Geekdo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , e-mail address , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
Once you register with Geekdo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Geekdo collects information about your transactions with us .
Geekdo automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , Geekdo cookie information , and the page you request .
Geekdo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and investigate abuse .
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website .
ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information , you can visit http :
member_privacy.shtml Geekdo reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice .
If we modify our Privacy Policy , we may post a notice on our website so our users are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization from the appropriate user ( s ) to do otherwise .
We reserve the right to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , violations of the Geekdo Terms of Service , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , or as otherwise required by law .
This policy covers the processing of personal data by Future plc and its associated UK group companies ( Future , we or us ) whose registered address is at Beauford Court , 30 Monmouth Street , Bath , BA1 2BW.Future is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information whilst striving to provide the very best user experience .
We want our websites to be safe and enjoyable for everyone .
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 and related laws , we have a legal duty to protect the personal information we collect from you .
If you have any concerns , questions or comments about this privacy policy or the website you can contact us using the contact details in paragraph 12 of this policy .
Information you provide upon registration : in order to make use of certain services provided through the website such as the forums and email newsletters , you will either need to : ( a ) register an account with us .
When you do so , you will provide us with information about yourself and you will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes ; ( b ) log in using a social media account of your choice .
When you do so , we will be provided with certain information about you from the social media site , as specified when you log in .
You will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes .
You can update your marketing preferences at any time by following the instructions to amend your details in the account registration section .
We will only use your information in accordance with your instructions and as set out in this privacy policy .
Information you provide upon ordering a product or service from us : if you order a product or service from us , you will need to provide certain personal details so that the order can be fulfilled .
In some cases , we will direct you to a third party partner site which will collect this information from you and fulfill your order .
For example , if you order a subscription to one or more of our publications , you may be able to access those products through a digital newsstand such as Google Play or the Apple Newsstand .
If you do , you will need to provide certain information about your subscription to the digital newsstand .
The digital newsstand may need to verify that information with our print subscription fulfillment provider .
The digital newsstand will only use the information that you and our print subscription fulfillment provider provide , to enable them to fulfill your order unless you agree otherwise .
Information you provide upon entering a promotion or competition : if you enter a promotion or competition you will either need to register an account with us or provide certain personal information which will be used in accordance with the terms of the promotion or competition .
Information you provide when taking part in a poll or survey : if you take part in a poll or survey you will either need to register an account with us or provide certain personal information to us which we will use in accordance with the terms of the poll or survey .
Games : if you register to play a game through this site , you may be asked to provide personal information .
Demographic and other data : this website uses cookies , web analytics and web logs to collect information about your use of our site , information about your computer such as your computer 's IP address and browser type , demographic data and , if you arrived at our site via a link from a third party site , the URL of the linking page .
If you have registered an account with us , it may also collect your name and email address .
The data collected through cookies , web analytics and web logs may be transferred to third parties .
For more information on how this website uses cookies , see our cookie policy .
Email communications : we use web beacons in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns .
If you open an email from us , we can see which of the pages of our website you visited .
Our web beacons do n't store any information on your computer but , by communicating with our cookies on your computer , they can tell us when you have opened an email from us .
We may keep track of the emails that we send you .
We also keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive .
If you would like to opt out of receiving such emails , please click the unsubscribe link in the email and follow the instructions .
Information from other sources : we may receive information about you from other sources ( eg missing information about your postal or email addresses ) and add it to the personal information we hold about you .
We own the information we collect through this website .
We will use it , as applicable , to : provide you with services or information that you have requested or products or services that you have ordered , such as magazine subscriptions ; contact you regarding your registered account with us ; confirm or fulfill an order you have submitted inform you if you have won a prize monitor or improve the performance of , and products and services available through , this website customise the advertising and content that you see monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of this website , enforce our rights and protect the safety of others including investigating and if necessary removing any content about which we receive a complaint send you promotional materials or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our group companies and marketing partners .
If you do not want to receive this marketing information you can notify us of this as part of the registration process .
You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive , by amending your marketing preferences , or by emailing futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk , giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority Please note that if you upload or post any information to a public part of the Website , we may use it in accordance with our terms and conditions of use and it may be viewed and used by others .
Future accepts no responsibility for this .
By providing us with your personal information , you consent to us : ( a ) processing your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to ; ( b ) processing your sensitive personal data , such as health data ( if provided ) ; and ( c ) transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK , if necessary for these purposes .
If we do make such a transfer , we will , if appropriate , put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected .
we use third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf including fulfilling orders , sending emails , organising and managing competitions , promotions , surveys or polls , removing repetitive information from customer lists , comment hosting , website analysis , data analysis , translation services and processing credit card payments .
They will have access to your personal information if necessary to perform their function but they can not use it or disclose it for any other purpose , unless you have specifically given them consent to do so .
Aggregate Information : we may share aggregate , non-personally identifiable information , such as demographics and website usage statistics , with advertisers , sponsors and other organisations .
Option to receive marketing information from associated third parties : throughout the website you may be given the opportunity to receive marketing information which may be of interest to you from associated third parties .
Only if you elect to receive such information , will we share your personal information with our associated third parties and they are only permitted by us to use it for the purpose of providing you with the marketing information you have requested .
The use of your personal information by such third parties will be subject to their own privacy policy and practices .
We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of any such third party .
If you do not want to receive marketing information from associated companies you can notify us of this as part of the registration process .
You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive , by amending your marketing preferences , or by emailing futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk , giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive .
Products or services offered in partnership with third parties : certain products or services available through this website may be provided to you in partnership with a third party .
That third party may require you to disclose personal information to them in order to receive such products or services .
If you request a product or service offered in partnership with a third party , the identity of the third party will be disclosed to you and your personal information will be transferred to that third party .
The use of your personal information by that third party is subject to its privacy policy and practices and we are not responsible for the same .
we only share your personal information with our group companies if you have elected to receive marketing information from them which may be of interest to you .
They are only permitted by us to use it for the purpose of providing you with the marketing information you have requested .
The use of your personal information by our group companies will be subject to their own privacy policies and practices .
If you do not want to receive marketing information from our group companies you can notify us of this as part of the registration process .
You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive , by amending your marketing preferences , or by emailing futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk , giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive .
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
: we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on this website or we may use an audience or traffic measurement service to analyse the traffic on this website .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited .
Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in .
Audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavioural information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity .
This website 's advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser .
Your information is collected and stored on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of Future and its group companies .
We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy .
this website contains links to a wide variety of other websites and we display advertisements from third parties on our website .
We may monetise some of these links through the use of third party affiliate programmes .
Notwithstanding such affiliate programmes , we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers , even if they use the website 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement , nor for the way in which information about their users is treated .
Before submitting any personal information to such websites , you should check their privacy policy .
In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998 , we will adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information .
Future shall not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this website including any of your information .
this website is a general audience website .
On the website , we do not currently knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of sixteen .
If , in the future , we collect personally identifiable information from children on the Website , we will do so in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations including , without limitation , obtaining parental consent where necessary .
The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources .
Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience .
We encourage you to visit www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/familysafety and the GetNetWise website to learn more about parental control tools .
By using this website you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use .
We may amend this privacy policy and the terms of use from time to time .
If we do so , we will post an updated version on this website .
You will be bound by the new terms upon your continued use of this website .
if you have any general questions about this website or the information we have collected about you and how we use it , you can contact the Future New Media Team at Future Publishing Limited , Beauford Court , 30 Monmouth Street , Bath , BA1 2BW , telephone 00
44 1225 442244 , email futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk .
If you have any questions about your information including what we hold and how it is used , you can contact us at futurenet-webmaster @ futurenet.co.uk .
You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you ( for which we may charge a small fee ) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected .
Eurogamer may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to Eurogamer.net ( such as your name , email address and contact details ) when you subscribe or sign up to Eurogamer.net .
Eurogamer may also record which parts of Eurogamer.net and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use .
This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to : process your User Content and your subscription to Eurogamer.net and to enable your use of Eurogamer.net and associated services ; open and run your account and provide you with an up to date , efficient and reliable service ; administer prize draws ; generally run Eurogamer.net ; send you newsletters and alerts when you sign up for or subscribe to them .
By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use .
From time to time Eurogamer also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you .
Eurogamer will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent .
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , Eurogamer is registered with the Information Commissioner [ notification number Z6679757 ] .
If you believe Eurogamer has information about you that you do not want Eurogamer to have or that is incorrect , please contact Eurogamer as described below and Eurogamer shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as is reasonably practicable .
If you have any other concerns over privacy , this privacy policy or this Web Site please contact Eurogamer as described below .
Eurogamer gives you a choice whether or not you want Eurogamer or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers , events and new services or related activities that you may find useful .
Eurogamer wo n't sell or trade personal information to other companies but Eurogamer would like to keep you informed of the developments on Eurogamer.net and certain Content and Eurogamer would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you ( inside or outside the EU ) .
Eurogamer will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already .
Eurogamer uses ' cookies ' on Eurogamer.net .
Cookies are a way that information such as whether you have visited Eurogamer.net before is recorded on your computer and used by Eurogamer to improve Eurogamer.net and the services available to you .
If you do not wish for Eurogamer to use cookies when you use Eurogamer.net please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies .
Your computer 's help file should tell you how to do this
but please note that this may affect your ability to use Eurogamer.net and the Content .
If you do n't disable " cookies " Eurogamer.net will ask for and store details including name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the Content submission forms so that you can use Eurogamer.net with less form filling .
All email and other communications sent by Eurogamer and attachments thereto are intended only for the addressee
and/or others authorised to receive them .
The Eurogamer Comment System and Forum are very popular features of the site and although the team strongly believes in allowing the community that has formed around the site to grow and develop in its own way , there are a few simple rules , regulations and procedures
you should be aware of when posting .
Most posters will probably never run foul of these anyway , but we 're quite serious about them nonetheless .
Eurogamer is not responsible for comments posted on the site by our readers .
We will however attempt to remove or edit posts which are deemed to contain racist or homophobic remarks , personal abuse , libel , copyrighted material , excessive swearing , references to illegal activities and requests for CD keys or pirated software .
Obviously conversations can get heated on the forum ( games are a serious business , after all ) , but we 'd ask users to hold back from personal insults .
Respond to the post , do n't attack the poster .
Eurogamer staff members regularly monitor the discussion threads to ensure they stay lively , interesting , vaguely relevant and fun .
However , the sheer volume of traffic on our forums and comment threads means that we do n't always manage to read every post on the site .
If you discover a post which you believe contravenes the site guidelines please notify a moderator with details of the page you found it on .
Users who repeatedly post inflammatory ( " troll " ) topics or contravene the site posting guidelines will find their posts removed and eventually their user account removed .
Eurogamer reserves the right to remove posting privileges from any account at any time .
In general the staff will endeavour to issue warnings before a user account is removed or suspended , however , in the instance of severe transgressions , this action may be taken without any prior warning .
If you have any questions about this comments system policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact :
Policy centre Privacy & data policy privacy @
eurogamer.net HASBRO WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICY
TRUSTe online privacy certification TRUSTe Children privacy certification WELCOME !
This Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) explains how Hasbro , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies that operate within the United States ( " Hasbro " ) collect , use and disclose your personal information .
This Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites , mobile applications and other online products and services where this Policy is posted ( collectively , the " Services " ) .
Hasbro has been awarded TRUSTe 's Web Privacy and Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's certification covers all Hasbro websites that link to this privacy policy .
At this time , the TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile websites , but does cover information collected through our mobile applications listed here .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Policy or privacy practices , please contact us at hasbroregistration @
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Hasbro 's policy regarding the collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below .
We may change the provisions of this Policy at any time and will indicate when changes have been made by revising the date at the top of this Policy .
Your use of the Services , or any portion thereof , following the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes .
We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Services to make sure that you understand our information collection , use and disclosure practices .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will provide you with additional notice of such changes and request your affirmative consent before using or sharing previously collected information in a materially different way .
If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from children under 13 , we will notify parents by e-mail in order to obtain verifiable consent for the new uses of the child 's personal information .
That You Provide Hasbro may collect information that you provide when you use the Services , such as when you : ( 1 ) create an account ; ( 2 ) make a purchase ; ( 3 ) participate in contests , events or promotions ; ( 4 ) send questions or comments via e-mail or live chat to Hasbro customer support ; ( 5 ) submit your resume to us online ; ( 6 ) fill out online surveys ; or ( 7 ) otherwise communicate with us through the Services ( 8 ) to obtain parental consent .
The types of personal information that you provide may include your name , e-mail address , parent 's email address , telephone number , postal address , credit card information , birth date and other contact or identifying information that you choose to provide .
We may also collect your gender , toy and game ownership and preferences when you provide this information at the same time as your name or other contact or identifying information , or we may combine these data points with your personal information in the future .
If you are under the age of 13 , only your parent or guardian can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities .
See Note To Parents below for more information .
When you access or use our Services , we may also automatically collect information about you .
For example , when you visit our websites , we collect information about your computer 's operating system , Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address , access times , browser type and language and the URL of the website you visited before navigating to our Services .
If you access our Services via a mobile device , we may also collect your , first name or username ( depending on which you would like to use ) , device make and model , mobile carrier , mobile web browser type and version , the country in which you are using your device , and analytics used to collect aggregate data on app usage , downloads , number of users , sessions , frequency of use , retention , territories , and in-game events .
We do not ask you for , access , or track any location based information , other than the country information , from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or services .
To collect this information , we use the technologies identified below :  Cookies : Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website .
Among other things , cookies help us improve our Services and your experience , see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits .
In addition , when you view a video on our Services , we may set a " flash cookie " ( sometimes called a " flash object " ) on your computer or device .
For more information about cookies , and how to disable them , please see " What are my information choices " below .
Clear GIFs , sometimes called " web bugs " or " web beacons , " are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an e-mail message .
We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior , deliver cookies , collect information , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email .
Log Files : Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users ' browsing habits .
These entries help Hasbro determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have accessed or used our Services , which pages of our Services
they 've visited , and other similar data .
We may associate the information we collect from these technologies with other personal information that you provide for the purposes described in this Policy .
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services .
For example , if you create or log into your account through a third-party social networking site , we will have access to certain information from that site , such as your name , account info and friends , in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site .
For a list of third party partners we have integrated on our site please click HERE .
If you have any inquiries regarding our partner 's privacy practices or how they use your child 's personal information , please contact us directly at hasbroregistration @
We use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the Services .
These tools and services place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies on our Services to enable them to track traffic data .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your Internet Service Provider , your web browser , the time spent on webpages , the links clicked and the advertisements viewed on those pages .
We use this information to improve our Services and your experience , to see which areas and features of our Services are popular and to count visits .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app .
We allow third parties to serve ads on our Services and we engage third parties to place ads for our products and services on other websites .
These third parties place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies within the ads .
When you click or scroll over any of these ads , these third parties collect information about your use of the Services and other third party websites .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your web browser , web pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked and whether you purchased an advertised product .
These third parties use this information to deliver advertising and/or content targeted to your interests .
For more information about targeted advertising in connection with these third parties , and how to opt out of having your information used in this way , please visit : www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
We use personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services .
For example , we may use your information to :  Send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest from Hasbro and our select partners ;  Operate and improve our Services ;  Provide and deliver the products and services you request , process transactions , and to send you related information , including confirmations and invoices ;  Send you technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;  Respond to your comments , questions and requests and provide customer service ;  Monitor and evaluate trends , usage and activities in connection with our Services ;  Personalize and improve the Services and provide ads , content , communications or features that match user profiles or interests ;  Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ;  Monitor performance of the app , track how users are engaging in the game , identify which app features are least and most utilized , to identify problem areas within the app , and to inform design development for future app updates ; and Obtain consent from parents in order to allow children to upload videos and voice recordings to YouTube or share through SMS messaging .
Hasbro may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described in this Policy or in connection with the Services , including : With your consent , including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ; With third party vendors , consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us .
These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us , and , unless we notify you otherwise and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out , will not use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this Policy .
When we believe it is necessary or appropriate to ( i ) comply with applicable law or legal process or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities ; ( ii ) protect the rights and property of Hasbro and our employees , agents , users and other third parties , including to enforce our agreements , policies and Terms and Conditions of Use and protect against fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate , or unlawful use of our Services ; and ( iii ) protect the safety of Hasbro our users or any third party ; and
In connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , bankruptcy or reorganization , financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company .
We may also share aggregated information or information that we have collected from you while on our website including on co-branded pages and where we have taken reasonable measures to de-identify .
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools ( such as the Facebook " Like " button or widgets ) , which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media , and vice versa .
The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features .
These features may also collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our Services and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features .
Linking to Third Party Sites To provide relevant information not found on our Services , to facilitate online shopping , and to allow you to interact with other websites and/or applications in which you may have accounts ( such as Facebook and other social media sites ) , Hasbro may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Services to third party websites .
Hasbro will notify users when they are leaving the Services or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third-party 's site .
Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties ' privacy policies , and we encourage you to read the third parties ' privacy policies before submitting personal or other information or using the websites and/or applications .
If you have registered with our Services , you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by either visiting the online profile section of one of our Services or contacting us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com .
If you choose to send us an e-mail , please be sure to include in your message , the name of the website or mobile application at which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
Regarding Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies .
Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services .
For more information about how to delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security .
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services .
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails , text messages or mail from Hasbro by declining to receive such communications at the time of registration or at the time you otherwise provide the information to us .
You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails or text messages by following the instructions in those emails or text messages or by sending an e-mail to hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com .
If you opt out , we may still send you transactional or relationship messages , such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations .
Safeguarding your personal information Hasbro has established policies to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
For example , Hasbro has established policies to provide you with a reasonably secureconnection when you create an account or enter payment information ( encrypted ) for the purchase of a product .
Hasbro retains your information for business purposes , for as long as your account is active and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services .
We will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact Hasbro , using the following contact information : Hasbro , Inc .
Website Administrator 1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906 Pawtucket , RI 02861 ( 800 ) 255-5516 hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com
For additional information about our Services , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use .
Hasbro has developed its Services to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages .
The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand some of the information contained on the Services and how the Services operate .
Please discuss this Policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use the Services and the information they may be asked to provide .
Hasbro believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the Services will inform choices and decisions about how to use the Services , and will better protect its users ' privacy .
If you have any questions or comments about our Policy , please contact us using the contact information provided below .
For any other issue , please contact Customer Service .
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Hasbro may collect and store personal information about children under 13 years of age ( " children " or " child " ) if this information is submitted by the parent or guardian in connection with any of our website registrations .
To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all prospective registrants to submit their date of birth .
Those users that indicate they are less than 13 years of age are taken through a parental consent process .
When provided by the parent or guardian , Hasbro may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , email address , parent 's or guardian 's name , and parent 's or guardian 's email address .
Hasbro may also collect the child 's mailing address when necessary to fulfill a transaction , such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize .
Hasbro may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information .
Hasbro will only collect this information if it believes that it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child 's parent or guardian .
For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on ( above ) .
Once collected , a child 's registration information may be used to :
( a ) fulfill a transaction , such as ship products that have been purchased or send the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize , or ( b ) send the child requested promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest ( e.g. , Birthday Club e-mails ) .
We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs .
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
This means that if we do n't need a specific piece of information ( like the child 's phone number ) to allow the child to participate in a contest , we simply wo n't ask for it .
To read about the steps Hasbro takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on " Safeguarding your personal information " ( above ) .
Any registration information that a child provides to our Services is collected by Hasbro .
Hasbro 's contact information is as follows :  Hasbro , Inc .
Website Administrator 1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906 Pawtucket , RI 02861 ( 800 ) 255-5516 hasbroregistration @
hasbro.com We follow our standard policy ( " With whom does Hasbro share my personal information " ( above ) ) for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under 13 .
Parental Access A parent who has already given Hasbro permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time , do the following : ( 1 ) review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information ; and/or , ( 2 ) discontinue further collection or use of the child 's personal information .
To do so , please refer to the confirmation email provided to you when you gave consent or contact us at hasbroregistration @ hasbro.com and be sure to include your child 's name and email address , your name and email address , and the name of the site at which your child is registered .
To make changes to your child 's demographic information , you may also visit the online profile section of one of our Services .
We will be happy to honor your request .
Back to start of Hasbro Privacy Policy .
If you no longer with to allow your child to upload videos to Youtube or share the videos or voice recordings they are able to make within the application , please delete the application from the device and do not allow your child to use it any longer .
Privacy Policy Ladbrokes Privacy Policy Last Updated 03 October 2011 This privacy policy applies to the entire contents of this website and other websites operated by the Ladbrokes group of entities ( together , " Ladbrokes " referred to hereon in as " we " or " us " or " our " ( as applicable ) ) including , without limitation , www.ladbrokes.com , www.ladbrokescasino.com and www.ladbrokespoker.com ( each a " Website " , together the " Websites " ) .
Please read the policy below carefully before using the Websites .
By using or registering on the Websites you accept and agree to the terms of this privacy policy .
If you do not accept these terms , do not use the Websites .
This privacy policy , together with our general terms of use available here , sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you ( including your name , email address or other details ) ( the " Information " ) or that you provide to us , will be processed by us .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Information .
Ladbrokes is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to its Websites .
We are committed to ensuring that all services and activities made available via our Websites are provided in a safe and secure online environment .
Information we may collect from you Use of your information Monitoring of transactions Telephone calls Cookies and tracking Security and privacy Retention and disposal Changes to our policy Accuracy and access to Information We may collect and process the following Information about you : Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites .
This includes Information provided at the time of registering to use our Websites , subscribing to any of our services , posting material or requesting further services .
We may also ask you for Information when you enter a competition or promotion , make a Customer Support enquiry or complaint or when you report a problem with our Websites ; records of correspondence , if you contact us ; your responses to any surveys we conduct for research purposes , although you do not have to respond to such surveys ; details of bets , gaming , payments and other transactions that you conduct on our Websites and details of the fulfilment of your orders ; details of your visits to our Websites including , but not limited to , traffic data , location data , weblogs and other communication data , whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise , and the web pages and resources that you access ; and information and communication on forums on the Websites , for example , chat rooms and message boards ( where applicable ) .
You acknowledge that the information provided by you may amount to personal or sensitive data under the Data Protection Act 1998 and you give your consent to your data being processed as set out in this policy .
2.1 We may collect and process Information , including sharing the Information with our third party data processors who process your Information on our behalf , including for the purposes of : setting up , re-activating , operating and managing your Ladbrokes account , including providing the services that you request from us ; building up personal profiles of our customers ; providing you with information about promotional offers .
If you do not wish to receive information about promotional offers and future events organised by us , please make sure that you click on the appropriate " opt out option " box on the account registration form .
All our marketing and promotional activities will be in compliance with relevant law , including the Communications ( Personal Data & Privacy ) Regulations 2006 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 ; verifying the accuracy of the Information collected from you , including disclosing your Information to third parties ( such as financial institutions , credit reporting agencies and age verification agencies ) in connection with such verification ; preventing fraud , cheating and money laundering , ensuring compliance with our terms of use , reducing credit risk and protecting sports/games integrity , which may require us to disclose your Information and betting and gaming history to third parties such as the relevant regulator , gaming bodies , sporting bodies , financial institutions , agencies responsible for verifying age , the police and credit reporting agencies ; complying with our legal and regulatory duties and responsibilities to the relevant licensing and regulatory authorities as well as all duties and responsibilities owed under any other applicable legislation and to any other applicable regulators in other jurisdictions ; enforcing or applying our terms of use ( Please refer to our Website Terms and Conditions article. )  and other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of Ladbrokes , our customers , or others ; processing card and on-line payments in connection with our services ( including our Affiliate Program ) ; conducting data cleansing , verification and enhancement exercises , ( for example , verifying your Information against third party databases relating to ' movers ' , ' goneaways ' and recent deaths ) ; any other purpose which is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations to you ; and undertaking research , conducting surveys , research analyses and obtaining feedback from customers .
2.2 Using the internet to collect and process
Information necessarily involves the transmission of Information on an international basis .
Some third party processors we engage to process Information on our behalf may be based outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) .
Therefore , by browsing our Websites and communicating electronically with us , you acknowledge and agree to the transmission and processing of your Information outside the EEA in this way .
Countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws .
However , we will always take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Information is used by third party processors securely and in accordance with this policy .
Except where we engage third parties to process your Information on our behalf for the purposes listed in paragraph 2.1 above , we will not disclose or sell your Information outside Ladbrokes ' corporate group , except in connection with a joint venture or the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Ladbrokes ' business .
Unless required to do so by law , we will not otherwise share , sell or distribute any of the Information you provide to us without your consent .
All bets , gaming and account transactions are recorded on our computer system .
We also carry out routine monitoring of all transactions as they take place to assist us in improving the service that we provide to you .
Your telephone conversations either to place a bet or a Customer Support call - may be recorded both to assist us in training and in quality management , and to allow for the speedy resolution of queries .
A ' cookie ' is a small text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you visit a website or use applications .
The cookie enables the server to collect information from the browser .
We use the cookies on our Websites for a number of purposes , including :  to authenticate and identify you on our Websites and applications so we can provide you with the services you request ; to allow you to login to the Websites and to check that your computer is still logged in to the same session while you browse from page to page .
While placing bets , Information will be temporarily stored in a cookie until the transaction has been completed .
This enables you to get the most out of our products and services .
Further , various other settings , such as the language and odds display that you have selected , are stored in cookies for a longer duration so that when you return to the Websites as many of these settings as possible remain the same ; to automatically collect Information about bets and account transactions carried out on our Websites ; for analytical ' purposes such as to keep track of user/customer browsing patterns on the Websites and to build up a profile for a customised browser experience for you .
We currently use Google Analytics , a popular web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use our Websites .
We also use analytical cookies from additional third party providers ; to deliver adverts and information more relevant to you and your interests and also to help measure the effectiveness of Ladbrokes ' advertising campaigns ; and to compile reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage .
We may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Ladbrokes ' behalf .
We use flash , session and persistent cookies on our Websites and applications .
Flash cookies are small pieces of information stored and accessed by Adobe Flash , the browser plug-in used by sites .
Session cookies are used by the server to store information about user page activities so users can easily pick up where they left off on the server 's pages .
Persistent cookies enable a website to remember you on subsequent visits , speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions required .
5.4 You can stop the ' tracking ' cookies by altering your browser 's privacy setting to block third party cookies ( the process you follow will differ from browser to browser ) .
To find out how to manage and/or delete cookies , please visit : www.aboutcookies.org .
However , please note that if you do refuse the use of cookies , you may not be able to use the full functionality of Ladbrokes ' Websites for example , a cookie is needed to remember ' your bet selection when it is transferred to the bet slip .
Further , if you set the privacy settings on too high a status , this may cause problems when you next log in to use the Websites .
6.1 We employ security measures to protect your Information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent unlawful processing , accidental loss , destruction and damage .
Protection of your Information , including your registration details and any debit or credit card information you provide to us , is a priority for us .
Data on our secure pages is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) technology .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Websites , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
Any personal information which identifies you will be encrypted at all times whilst in transit over the internet .
SSL is special protocol that automatically encrypts any information sent by you on our secure pages .
Our server then reads the information using a private key .
This means that your Information , be it debit or credit card information or any other personal details , is turned into a code that can only be decoded with the private key or password .
If your browser is suitably configured , you will receive a warning message when you first access any secure page on the Website .
This is simply information to advise you that the Website is protecting your Information .
Unfortunately , the transmission of Information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although Ladbrokes will do its best to protect your Information as described in paragraph 6.2 above , it can not guarantee the security of any Information that you disclose online .
You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent .
For your own privacy protection , we encourage you not to include sensitive Information ( such as credit/debit card numbers ) in any emails you may send to us .
6.4 Our Websites may , from time to time , contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks , advertisers and affiliates .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies/website terms of use and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check such policies before you submit any Information to them .
It is our policy to retain and make available financial information for a period of 7 years .
Other Information will be retained for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in paragraph 2.1 unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law .
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the privacy of Information is maintained on disposal .
We may modify this policy from time to time .
Any changes to our policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on the Websites .
9.1 We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any Information that we collect from you is accurate and has been verified .
You are entitled to see the Information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
We are entitled by law to make a small administrative charge for providing such Information .
All comments , queries and requests relating to our use of your Information are welcome and should be made in writing or by telephone via the Contact Us section on the Websites Issue Date : 30 October 2009
Related Articles Website Terms and Conditions Site Usage - Poker Responsible Gambling
Did we get it right ?
Feedback Feedback Online-Sweepstakes.com understands that privacy online is important to Visitors of our website .
Online-Sweepstakes.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
This privacy statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices .
Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains , including , but not limited to , name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , financial profiles , social security number , and credit card information .
Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously ( without identification of the individual user ) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual .
We may collect basic user profile information from our Visitors .
Online-Sweepstakes.com may collect Personally Identifiable Information when a Visitor ( 1 ) registers as a Member of the website , ( 2 ) enters a Sweepstakes and/or Contest administered and/or sponsored by Online-Sweepstakes.com , or ( 3 ) subscribes to our newsletter ( s ) .
Some of the Personally Identifiable Information we may collect includes names , addresses , phone numbers and email addresses .
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site , contact winners of our Sweepstakes and Contests , or send out our newsletter ( s ) .
We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact our Visitors in response to specific inquiries , to provide requested information , or to provide our Visitors with information regarding our Site which we feel is important enough to warrant such contact .
Online-Sweepstakes.com does not and will not sell or share Personally Identifiable Information about our Visitors with third parties unless explicitly authorized by the Visitor to do so .
For example , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with sponsors of our Sweepstakes
and/or Contests in order to contact the winner and arrange prize fulfillment .
Or , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with a third party when a Visitor
" Opts-In " to receive an offer from said third party .
Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information .
We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information , to investigate , prevent or otherwise take action regarding suspected illegal activity or fraud , or to protect the rights , property or safety of Online-Sweepstakes.com , its users and the public .
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Online-Sweepstakes.com is securely stored and is not accessible to any third parties except for use as indicated above .
Visitors may " Opt-Out " of receiving information from or being contacted by us by responding to emails as instructed , or by contacting us at webmaster @
Visitors may update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by going to the following webpage : <a href= " /forums/usercp.php ? "
</a> or by emailing us at webmaster @
We provide Visitors with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site 's database by contacting webmaster @
However , because of backups and records of deletions , it may be impossible to delete a Visitor 's entry without retaining some residual information .
An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted , and we will not sell , transfer , or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward .
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , and/or message boards available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
Cookies are used by Online-Sweepstakes.com for a variety of reasons .
We use Cookies to store information about the preferences of our Visitors and use that data to tailor the Visitor 's experience at our site , and to display the Site 's content according to their preferences .
We also use Cookies to store the usernames and passwords of our Members .
Passwords are encrypted to prevent unautorized access of our Members ' accounts and information .
This website contains links to other websites .
Please note that when you click on one of these links , you are moving to another website .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours .
We will let our Visitors know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site .
However , if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor has previously requested not be disclosed , we will contact such Visitor to the Visitor to prevent such disclosure .
Online-Sweepstakes.com P.O .
Box 157 Springfield , OH 45501 Email Address : webmaster @
Privacy Policy We here at Planet Minecraft greatly respect your privacy and we hope that our users feel that the information they share with us is 100 % secure and private .
Here are the guidelines we follow at Planet Minecraft to ensure your privacy and our integrity :  We will never share your email with third parties .
It will only be used for account activation & occasional Planet Minecraft important news & announcements which you can opt out of .
The Planet Minecraft staff will NEVER ask for your password .
If someone does ask for your password or other info , please immediately notify us .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
This web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that Planet Minecraft is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on the news so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users by way of an e-mail .
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
Planet Minecraft will never , under any circumstances give away or display your IP address to third parties .
Additionally , Planet Minecraft will never sell or transmit e-mail addresses or any other personal identifiers to 3rd parties .
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy , please do not hesitate to Contact Us !
Thank you for your cooperation .
All creations copyright of the creators .
Minecraft is copyright Mojang AB and is not affiliated with this site .
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We respect each site visitor 's right to personal privacy .
To that end , we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
This statement applies solely to information collected on this website .
For each visitor to our website , our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address .
used to improve the content of our Web page .
used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site .
never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes .
Registration is not required to enter our site .
However , subscription to certain services may require a user to complete a registration form .
During registration a user must give certain contact information , but we never sell or give away this information .
It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest .
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information ( income level , gender , etc. ) , and unique identifiers ( username , password , etc. ) .
Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site , but is not required .
We publish a newsletter , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email or mailing addresses .
We operate online surveys , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email addresses .
We do show advertisement to our users , which is handled by Google Adsense , FastClick , CasaleMedia.com & ValueClick.com .
So any such concerns with our advertising , should be directed to them respectedly .
Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet .
