NIH Web Privacy Notice Protecting your privacy is very important to us .
Our Web site links to other National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) sites , federal agency sites and occasionally , to private organizations .
Once you leave the primary NIH.gov site , you are subject to the privacy policy for the site ( s ) you are visiting .
We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit to NIH Web sites unless you choose to provide it to us .
We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
We collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our Web site .
NIH never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIH mission and goals .
When visitors send email messages containing personal information to the general NIH.gov email box NIHinfo @
od.nih.gov , NIH staff responds to the letters and files them .
Only designated staff members requiring access to the emails to respond , may view , or answer them .
When you browse through any Web site , certain information about your visit can be collected .
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following type of information about your visit :  Domain from which you access the Internet ; IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the Web ) ;
Operating system and information about the browser used when visiting the site ; Date and time of your visit ; Pages you visited ; and , Address of the Web site that connected you to an NIH Web site ( such as google.com or bing.com ) .
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors .
Up to top NIH Web sites use a variety of different Web measurement software tools .
NIH.gov uses Webtrends and Google Analytics measurement software to collect the information in the bulleted list in the Types of Information Collected section above .
Webtrends and Google Analytics collect information automatically and continuously .
No personally identifiable information is collected .
The NIH staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Webtrends and Google Analytics .
The reports are only available to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NIH also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
NIH.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NIH.gov Web site .
This survey does not collect personally identifiable information .
Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIH.gov site as those who do not take the survey .
The survey reports are available only to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NIH retains the data from Webtrends , Google Analytics , and ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the NIH.gov Web site .
Up to top The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies
External Web Site Policy allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any Web site , its server may generate a piece of text known as a " cookie " to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to " remember " specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from NIH Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) , and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as " Usage Tier 1Single Session .
The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies. "  
We use persistent cookies to enable Webtrends and Google Analytics to differentiate between new and returning NIH.gov visitors .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NIH.gov until they expire .
We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey .
The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) .
The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NIH.gov .
Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml External Web Site Policy .
Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NIH.gov .
Up to top You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NIH Web sites .
However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , that is , information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you , through an e-mail message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , customer satisfaction survey , epidemiology research study , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc. ) , so that we may contact you , we will safeguard the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
If NIH operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information .
The notice must address the following five criteria :  NIH legal authorization to collect information about you Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of NIH
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information For further information about NIH privacy policy , please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy @
mail.nih.gov ; call 301-451-3426 or visit http : //oma.od.nih.gov/ms/privacy .
Up to top NIH uses web measurement and customization technologies to help our Web sites function better for visitors and to better understand how the public uses the online resources we provide .
All uses of web-based technologies comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards .
Information Technology ( IT ) systems owned and operated by NIH are assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIAs ) posted for public view on the Department of Health and Human Services ( DHHS )
Web site ( http :
/pia/nih.html External Web Site Policy ) .
NIH conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application ( TPWA ) as they may have a different functionality or practice .
TPWA PIAs are posted for public view on DHHS Web site http : //www.hhs.gov
nih_pia_summaries_fy12_q2.pdf External Web Site Policy .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individual 's name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
For these records , NIH Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the NIH Senior Official for Privacy Website .
When you visit the NIH Institute/Center sites , please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages .
When web measurement and customization technologies are used , the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide :  Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology ; Usage tier , session type , and technology used ; Nature of the information collected ; Purpose and use of the information ; Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed ; Privacy safeguards applied to the information ; Data retention policy for the information ; Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why ; How to opt-out of the web measurement/customization technology ; Statement that opting-out still permits users to access comparable information or services ; and , Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process .
Up to top NIH will retain data collected using the following technologies long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected .
The data generated from these activities falls under the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA )
General Records Schedule ( GRS ) 20-item IC ' Electronic Records , ' and will be handled per the requirements of that schedule ( http : //www.archives.gov/records-mgmt/grs/grs20.html External Web Site Policy ) .
As part of the OMB Memo M-10-06 , Open Government Directive External Web Site Policy , the NIH uses a variety of new technologies and social media options to communicate and interact with citizens .
These sites and applications include popular social networking and media sites , open source software communities and more .
TPWAs are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NIH , such as applications not hosted on a .gov domain or those that are embedded on NIH Web pages .
Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public , user community , and/or the third-party operating the Web site .
These actors may use this information in a variety of ways .
TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to NIH and the public , regardless of whether the information is explicitly solicited or collected by NIH .
The following list includes some of the TPWAs we use and their purpose .
NIH sometimes collects and uses PII made available through third-party Web sites .
However , we do not share PII made available through third-party Web sites .
Your activity on the third-party Web sites we use is governed by the security and privacy policy of those sites , which we have linked below .
You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
If you have an account with a third-party Web site , and choose to follow , like , friend , or comment , certain PII associated with your account may be made available to NIH based on the privacy policy of the third-party Web site and your privacy settings within that third-party Web site .
Therefore , you should also adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences .
For any NIH TPWA that collects PII , the list below also includes details on the information NIH collects and how we will protect your private information .
Up to top AddThis : NIH uses the AddThis service to allow you to bookmark and share the News in Health Web site content on a variety of social media sites .
If you use the AddThis service to share content , you do not need to register or provide any personal information .
AddThis collects non-personal data , including the aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any PII .
The reports are password-protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
The AddThis Privacy Policy is available at http :
privacy External Web Site Policy
Up to top Bit.ly : NIH uses Bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages , Twitter feeds and on Facebook pages .
Bit.ly collects and provides data on how often you as an email recipient or Facebook/Twitter user , click on the shortened URLs distributed by NIH staff .
Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NIH , compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs .
Bit.ly analytics do not provide any PII about the visitors who open the shortened links .
The Bit.ly Privacy Policy is available at http : //bit.ly/pages/privacy External Web Site Policy
Up to top Facebook : NIH has three main Facebook pagesNational Institutes of Health ( NIH )
External Web Site Policy , NIH Research Matters External Web Site Policy , and News in Health External Web Site Policy .
Many other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Facebook pages .
IC Facebook Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites , which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage ( http : //www.nih.gov/ ) .
NIH Facebook pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public .
If you have a Facebook account , you can log in to your account to post comments , and ' like ' NIH Facebook pages and individual entries .
If once you click on an NIH Facebook page , you comment or click on the ' like ' button , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Facebook site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Facebook account , not posting comments , not clicking on the ' like ' options , or interacting with NIH Facebook accounts in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , sharing NIH posts , etc. ) .
NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or ' like ' the NIH Facebook sites .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Facebook pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
The Facebook Privacy Policy is available at http :
//www.facebook.com/policy.php External Web Site Policy
Up to top Flickr : NIH uses Flickr to upload and share photos and images related to the NIH mission and culture .
NIH is responsible for the uploaded images on NIH-sponsored Flickr pages and must ensure that the images assigned for posting meet NIH quality standards and comply with all NIH , HHS , and federal policies .
Images posted are produced by NIH and its Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) , and may include medical illustrations and other scientific images .
Photos posted may also include pre-approved photos of NIH employees at events or in labs for the purpose of promoting the NIH mission and culture .
You do not need to register with Flickr to view the images onNIH Flickr sites , because all NIH images posted on Flickr are visible in the public domain .
However , if you choose to register , you will not provide PII directly to NIH .
NIH has disabled the commenting feature on its Flickr sites .
Therefore , PII can not be collected or unintentionally received by NIH employees via the Flickr site .
The Flickr Privacy Policy is available at http : //info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/flickr/details.html
Up to top Google+ : NIH has one main Google+ pageNational Institutes of Health ( NIH )
External Web Site Policy .Several
other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Google+ pages .
IC Google+ Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites , which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage ( http : //www.nih.gov/ ) .
NIH Google+ pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public .
If you have a Google+ account , you can log in to your account to post comments , and ' +1 ' NIH Google+ pages and individual entries .
If once you click on an NIH Google+ page , you comment or click on the ' +1 ' button , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Google+ site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Google+ privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Google+ account , not posting comments , not clicking on the ' like ' options , or interacting with NIH Google+ accounts in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , sharing NIH posts , etc. ) .
NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or ' like ' the NIH Google+ sites .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Google+ pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
The Google+ Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ External Web Site Policy
Up to top GovDelivery Subscription Management : NIH uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them .
To subscribe to receive an NIH product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive .
The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery .
Only the NIH managers who send newsletters , alerts , or memos via GovDelivery and the staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists .
GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NIH for any purpose .
GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks , and open rates .
This information is password-protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
The GovDelivery Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.govdelivery.com/
privacy External Web Site Policy
Up to top LinkedIn : NIH uses the groups feature on LinkedIn to engage with current and past employees and members of the public .
In order to join a NIH group on LinkedIn , you must register for a LinkedIn account and provide your first and last name and e-mail address .
Upon confirmation of your email address , you must provide LinkedIn with information regarding your employment , country , zip code , job title , etc .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your LinkedIn user privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a LinkedIn account , not joining NIH LinkedIn groups , or not interacting with NIH LinkedIn groups in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , posting on group pages , etc. ) .
Although NIH staff managing LinkedIn groups may view the information you provide when you submit a request to join NIH LinkedIn groups , NIH staff does not collect , use , or disclose any of this information .
The LinkedIn Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.linkedin.com
key=privacy_policy & trk=hb_ft_priv
Up to top Pinterest : NIH has one main Pinterest pageNational Institutes of Health ( NIH )
External Web Site Policy .Several
other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Pinterest pages .
IC Pinterest Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites , which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage ( http : //www.nih.gov/ ) .
NIH Pinterest pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public .
If you have a Pinterest account , you can log in to your account to post comments , like and repin ' NIH Pinterest postings and individual entries .
When you chose to like , comment or repin ' an item from an NIH Pinterest account , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Pinterest site visitors .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Pinterest account , not posting comments , not clicking on the ' like ' options and not sharing items from the NIH Pinterest page or NIH websites .
NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment , share , or ' like ' the NIH Pinterest sites or posts .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Pinterest pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
The Pinterest Privacy Policy is available at http : //about.pinterest.com/
privacy/ External Web Site Policy
Up to top Polldaddy : NIH uses Polldaddy in conjunction with some NIH WordPress blogs to collect your click-opinions or rankings of drop-down menu preferences as a blog participant .
Polldaddy is the only survey tool that is compatible with WordPress and most Polldaddy surveys are embedded within blog entries on NIH WordPress blogs .
However , there are links to the Polldaddy site at the bottom of the survey form .
You can vote on a topic using the Polldaddy form embedded on a NIH blog .
However , to submit a comment , you must navigate directly to the Polldaddy site , provide your name , and e-mail address .
Polldaddy automatically scans your comments prior to posting them to determine whether they are spam and , if so , deletes them .
If the submission is not recognized as spam by the Polldaddy filtering program , the comment is immediately posted to the poll results published on the Polldaddy site .
Considering the comments provided could potentially contain PII , any such unsolicited PII will not be posted on NIH blogs .
Any information collected by NIH is de-identified and will be used solely for the purpose of engaging participants and gaining insight into public opinions .
Comments will be viewable on the Polldaddy site .
The Polldaddy Privacy Policy is available at http : //polldaddy.com/
privacy/ External Web Site Policy
Up to top Twitter : NIH uses Twitter to send short messages or Tweets ' ( up to 140 characters ) to share information about NIH with you and respond to your comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NIH .
While you may read the NIH Twitter feeds without subscribing to them , if you want to subscribe to ( or follow )
NIH Twitter feeds , you must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com .
To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as your name , user name , password and email address .
You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location or a picture .
Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site .
NIH staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to you as a Twitter follower .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from the NIH Twitter pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
The Twitter Privacy Policy is available at http : //twitter.com/privacy External Web Site Policy
Up to top Widgets : NIH offers a variety of widgets that deliver small versions of selected NIH site content to other online locations outside of the site where the content originated .
Widgets are portable pieces of code .
They deliver information and links to any site or application where the widget is installed .
You can install a widget on any PC or Mac Web page without requiring additional coding or configuration .
If you choose to install NIH.gov widgets , they will not collect any type of PII from you .
The WidgetBox Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.widgetbox.com
/info/legal/privacy-policy
External Web Site Policy Note
: This is the privacy policy for the widget creator program , not the widgets themselves .
Up to top WordPress : NIH uses the WordPress.com blog platform to support its NIH Director 's Blog initiative along with others , enabling visitors to interact with staff regarding news and initiatives posted by NIH leaders .
As a visitor to an NIH Wordpress instance , you can access the NIH.gov home page and post comments .
You do not need to register , provide your name , or supply any personal information .
The comments are not collected , processed , or reported in any way .
However , if you provide your name or other personally identifiable information ( PII ) , the information you provide will appear along with your feedback .
Although WordPress offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any PII .
The reports are password- protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff that require this information to perform their duties .
The WordPress.com Privacy Policy is available at http : //automattic.com
/privacy/ External Web Site Policy
Up to top YouTube : NIH posts videos on YouTube to make them available to the public .
You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google ( YouTube Owner ) to watch NIH YouTube videos .
When you watch videos , YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about their site usage , such as channels used , videos watched , and data transfer details to improve its services .
If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIH videos , YouTube may associate information about your site usage with your YouTube account .
If you log onto YouTube and comment on an NIH video , any personal information you included on your YouTube profile page will be visible to visitors who click on the comment field .
If you do not log in before watching NIH videos posted on YouTube , you can not comment on NIH videos and your site usage will not be associated with you or a YouTube account .
The YouTube Privacy Policy is available at http : //www.youtube.com/
External Web Site Policy NIH conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) for each use of a third-party website as they may have a different functionality or practice .
To learn more , visit the published PIAs at http : //www.hhs.gov/pia/nih_pia_summaries_fy12_q1.pdf External Web Site Policy
For more information on the uses of social and new media for which GSA has negotiated a federally-friendly Terms of Service Agreement , visit the HHS Center for New Media at http : //newmedia.hhs.gov
/standards/tos.html External Web Site Policy
For further information about NIH privacy policy , please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy @
mail.nih.gov ; call 301-451-3426 or visit http : //oma.od.nih.gov/ms/privacy .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices .
This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :  What information we collect about you
What choices you have about your information
How we use your information
How and with whom we may share the information we have about you
How we protect your information How to contact us with questions or concerns
We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information .
We may collect Personal Information about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :  When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ;
When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ; When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ; When you use our Email a Friend service ; When you participate in an online survey ; or When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum .
We may collect Non-Personal Information information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD .
Read more about Information Collected About You
What Choices Do I Have ?
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information .
If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information
, you should delete your information as described in this Policy .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD .
Read more about " What Choices Do I Have ? " , " Cookies " and " TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices "  How Information Collected
We may use information we collect about you to :  Administer your account ; Provide you with access to particular tools and services ; Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ; Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ; Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ; Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ; Conduct research and measurement activities ; or Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Read more about How Information Collected
Do We Share Your Information ?
WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or :  To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ; To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ;
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others .
WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes .
Read more about With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
How Do We Secure and Retain
We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect .
Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information ?
Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD ,
LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097
Read the complete WebMD Privacy Policy .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites
( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You Personal Information
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch
This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Personal Information Collected by Third Parties
Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information
they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have ?
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  
If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
You Is Used Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :  administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy .
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD (
" Third Party Web Sites " ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information
allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
Children We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD ,
LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals URAC :
Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD TRUSTe online privacy certification
WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
May 06 , 2013 2013
Who We Are What We Do For Our Users Awards and Recognition Policies Advertising Policy Corrections Policy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Our Sponsors Terms and Conditions of Use Important Information & FAQs
Community Overview Privacy FAQs Privacy Terms
How We Protect Your Information Spam FAQs
How to Change Your Profile Settings About Passwords Accreditation URAC
Center Customer Care Contact Us Hot Topics Is Your Eczema Under Control ?
Cut Calories , Heartburn 16 Tips for Clear Skin
Dog Behavior Problems Generic Drugs :
What You Need to Know Causes and Cures of Bad Breath Depression , Pain & Anxiety : What 's the Link ?
How Diabetes Affects Your Teeth Ulcerative Colitis :
Check Your Symptoms Find out how WebMD ensures the quality , accuracy and security of our information .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites
( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You Personal Information
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch
This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Personal Information Collected by Third Parties
Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information
they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have ?
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  
If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
You Is Used Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :  administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy .
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD (
" Third Party Web Sites " ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information
allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
Children We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD ,
LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097 Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals URAC :
Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD TRUSTe online privacy certification
WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
May 06 , 2013 2013
Who We Are What We Do For Our Users Awards and Recognition Policies Advertising Policy Corrections Policy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Our Sponsors Terms and Conditions of Use Important Information & FAQs
Community Overview Privacy FAQs Privacy Terms
How We Protect Your Information Spam FAQs
How to Change Your Profile Settings About Passwords Accreditation URAC
Center Customer Care Contact Us Hot Topics Is Your Eczema Under Control ?
Cut Calories , Heartburn 16 Tips for Clear Skin
Dog Behavior Problems Generic Drugs :
What You Need to Know Causes and Cures of Bad Breath Depression , Pain & Anxiety : What 's the Link ?
How Diabetes Affects Your Teeth Ulcerative Colitis :
Check Your Symptoms Find out how WebMD ensures the quality , accuracy and security of our information .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites
( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or " App " ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to " WebMD " mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Registration Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch
This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :  Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the " from " email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Personal Information Collected by Third Parties
Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( " Ad Servers " ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information
they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may " Opt-out " of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Cookies Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the " Help " section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
Currently , you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe 's Preference Manager at http : //preferences.truste.com/ .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser " do not track " signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled " Mobile Device Applications ( " Apps " ) and Mobile Optimized Sites. "  
If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System , you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites ( such as www.m.webmd.com. )  
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to : administer your account , provide you with access to particular tools and services , respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services , obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings , statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened , provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an " opt-in " authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy .
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD (
" Third Party Web Sites " ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as " Powered by " or " in association with " followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information
allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :  WebMD ,
LLC Attn : Office of Privacy 1201 Peachtree Street , NE 400 Colony Square , Suite 2100 Atlanta , GA 30361 Phone : 866-788-3097
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD TRUSTe online privacy certification
WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
May 06 , 2013 2013
The National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) provides this Web site as a public service .
We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you when you visit our Web sites unless you choose to provide that information to us .
We do collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
NLM never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to NLM 's functions .
When you visit any Web site , certain information about your visit can be collected .
NLM automatically collects and temporarily stores the following type of information about your visit :  Internet address and domain from which you visited the NLM Web site Information about the operating system and browser used Date and time of the visit Pages visited Internet address of the Web site that connected you to the NLM Web site
Words searched This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and improve organization , coverage , system performance or problem areas .
This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users .
When search features offer suggested terms , these suggestions are based on aggregated data only .
NLM periodically deletes its Web logs .
On occasion , NLM may provide aggregated information to third party entities it contracts with for the purposes of research analysis .
Aggregated data can not be linked back to an individual user .
If your electronic medical record ( EMR ) , patient health record ( PHR ) or other system links you to MedlinePlus , your diagnosis codes or other information , such as medications or procedures names , are sent to our site in order to link you to the most appropriate information .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
We may review information in order to make improvements to our site and better meet user needs , but such information is reviewed at an aggregated level .
When you visit any Web site , it may place a small text file , known as a " cookie " on your computer .
The cookie allows the Web site to " remember " specific information about your visit while you are connected or when you return to that site .
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( PDF * , 1.03MB ) , 6/25/10 , allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies , defined below .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from NLM Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
While visiting certain NLM sites , you may occasionally encounter a Web page that automatically employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these Web pages .
NLM Web sites may use either single session ( temporary ) or multi-session ( persistent ) cookies .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as " Usage Tier 1 Single Session. "  
This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies .
Persistent Cookies : NLM uses persistent cookies to enhance the Web experience for our users .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NLM until they expire .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . "  
This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected .
For example , NLM uses persistent cookies to enable a PubMed retrieval system feature called " MyNCBI. "  
The persistent cookie retains user preferences such as search result filters , LinkOut displays , institutional icon links , document delivery services , etc.
Users may opt out of the persistent cookie selection in their MyNCBI settings at any time .
NLM also uses persistent cookies to avoid repeated invitations to take the American Customer Satisfaction Inventory ( ACSI ) survey .
The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days .
NLM may employ persistent cookies in other ways consistent with our mission and the OMB guidelines to analyze use patterns and improve our users ' experience on NLM Web sites .
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them at any time from your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NLM , but may be unable to use cookie-dependent features .
Follow these instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers , http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml .
Please note that by disabling cookies from your Web browser , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NLM .
If you choose to send us personal information by email , or by filling out a form on our Web site , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request .
If provided , personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is regularly purged .
Third party contractors may have access to this information in order to provide a response to your question or comment .
These contractors are held to strict policies to safeguard the information and provide the same level of privacy protection as guaranteed by NLM .
On occasion , we may conduct a study concerning the types of questions sent to us .
These studies help us to improve our Web sites in order to make them more responsive to the needs of our users .
We do not give , share , sell , or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law .
Some NLM Web sites , such as MedlinePlus , provide links to other Internet sites that provide health information .
Once you link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site .
The U.S. Government maintains this site .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Causing damage to federal computer systems is a violation of U.S. law and is subject to criminal prosecution in federal court .
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from NLM Web logs may be used to help identify an individual .
Third-Party Web sites and Applications
( TPWA ) are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NLM .
They may be hosted on a non-government Web site or embedded on an NLM Web page .
TPWA technologies may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to NLM , regardless of whether we request or collect it .
In addition , other official Government Web sites we link to or cooperate with may use a third-party to handle some aspect of an information collection ( for example : contest nomination process ) .
As a result , our stated privacy policy/notice may not apply .
We use these technologies to communicate and interact with you .
Examples include social media Web sites such as Twitter and Facebook .
Your activity on these non-government sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites .
When you use them , you are often sharing information with the general public , other users , and/or the group operating that site or application .
We recommend you review the privacy policies of these sites before using them to ensure you understand how these third-party sites and applications might use your information .
You may be able to adjust the privacy settings on your account .
The list below includes the applications we use and their purposes .
For any sites or applications that collect PII , this list also includes details on the information they collect and how NLM protects your private information .
AddThis allows you to bookmark and share NLM content in a variety of ways , including through social media sites and your Web-based email service .
You do not need to register or provide any personal information to use AddThis .
The AddThis service collects non-personal data , including aggregate and summary statistics on Web browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage their service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NLM , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information .
The reports are password protected and only available to NLM managers , members of the NLM Web Teams , and other designated NLM staff requiring this information to perform their duties .
The AddThis Privacy & Data Practices are available at : http : //www.addthis.com/privacy .
NLM uses the Go.
USA.gov and Bit.ly URL shortening services .
The shorter URLs are shared in our e-mail messages , Twitter feeds , and on NLM 's Facebook pages .
The services collect data about how often users click on these shortened URLs .
The analytics data is provided by Go.
This data does not provide any personally identifiable information about the visitors who opened NLM 's shortened links .
Privacy Statement is available at https : //go.usa.gov/policies .
The Bit.ly Privacy Policy is available at : http : //bit.ly/pages/privacy .
NLM has multiple Facebook pages where we share information about NLM news , program activities , and other items that may be of interest to you .
You do not need to register or provide personal information to view our Facebook pages .
The complete list of NLM Facebook pages is at http : //www.nlm.nih.gov/socialmedia/index.html .
If you have a Facebook account and " Like " NLM Facebook pages , you may post comments or click the " Like " link for individual entries .
If you comment on or " Like " NLM Facebook content , personally identifying information will be visible to other Facebook visitors , including NLM staff .
The amount of visible personal information about you will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
To avoid displaying your personally identifiable information , you should not create a Facebook account , post comments or click on the " Like " options in Facebook .
NLM does not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment on or " Like " NLM Facebook pages .
Facebook collects and reports non-personally identifiable information about activities on NLM 's Facebook pages .
This information is password protected and only available to NLM managers and the administrators of the NLM Facebook pages , who require this information to perform their duties .
The Facebook Privacy Policy is available at : http : //www.facebook.com/policy.php .
NLM uses GovDelivery to manage email subscriptions for its electronic newsletters , email alerts and other messages about NLM products and services .
To subscribe to Gov Delivery for NLM updates , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the NLM products and type of updates you would like to receive .
GovDelivery collects non-identifiable information about the number of messages sent , how often people open the email messages and whether they click on the links in messages .
This information is provided to NLM managers on GovDelivery 's password protected Web site .
It is only available to NLM managers and staff who manage the email subscription lists as part of their regular duties .
The GovDelivery Privacy Policy is available at : http : //www.govdelivery.com/legal-privacy .
NLM uses iTunes to make iPhone , iPod and iPad apps available for download through the Apple 's App Store .
A list of NLM apps is available at http : //www.nlm.nih.gov/mobile/ .
You do not need to register or provide personal information to view the NLM app in the App Store .
If you use the iTunes application to view information about NLM apps , iTunes collects information specified in its privacy policy .
If you have an iTunes account and download an app , you may rate or review the app .
If you review an NLM app , your personally identifiable information will be visible to other iTunes visitors , including NLM staff .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your account settings .
To avoid displaying your personally identifiable information , you should not create an iTunes account , download apps , or post ratings .
NLM does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who download NLM apps .
Apple collects and provides non-identifying information on how many times an app is downloaded and the continent it is downloaded from .
This information is password protected and only available to NLM managers and the administrators of the NLM iTunes apps , who require this information to perform their duties .
The iTunes privacy policy is available at : http : //www.apple.com/privacy/ .
NLM uses Twitter to send short messages ( up to 140 characters ) , which are also known as " Tweets , " to share information about NLM news , program activities , and other items that may be of interest to you .
We also respond to comments and questions sent via Twitter to NLM .
You do not need to register or provide personal information to view our Twitter feeds .
A complete list of NLM Twitter feeds is available at : http : //www.nlm.nih.gov/socialmedia/index.html .
If you want to subscribe to ( also known as " Follow " ) the NLM Twitter feeds , you may create a Twitter account at http : //www.twitter.com .
To create an account , you must provide your name and email address and create a user name and password .
You may provide additional information including a short biography , location or a picture .
Most of your personal information in your Twitter account is available to the public unless you update your privacy settings .
NLM staff monitor the number of subscribers ( known as " Followers " ) and respond to their comments and queries via Twitter , but we do not track the personal information of our Twitter followers .
NLM does not collect , maintain , disclose or share any information about people who follow NLM on Twitter .
The Twitter Privacy Policy is available at : http : //twitter.com/privacy .
* PDF documents require the use of the Adobe Reader , which can be downloaded from the Adobe Web site at no charge .
Privacy policy By Mayo Clinic staff Updated July 13 , 2013
We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information .
In addition to this privacy policy , users of the Mayo Clinic site should consult the Mayo Clinic site terms of use as well as any product specific terms and conditions that apply .
Policies specifically related to patient information ( protected health information , or PHI ) submitted through Mayo Clinic 's patient portal can be reviewed here .
http : //www.mayoclinic.org/global/patient-privacy.html
This policy applies to MayoClinic.com , MayoClinic.org and MayoClinic.edu and other Web locations under Mayo Clinic 's control .
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the Mayo Clinic site .
We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it .
For example , if you choose to join the community at Mayo Clinic Online Community , the privacy policy and terms of use of that site apply .
The personal information that you submit , such as on the appointment request form , is shared only with those people in the Mayo organization who need this information to respond to your question or request .
Information submitted through Mayo Clinic 's online forms may be collected to ensure technical functionality .
It will also be utilized to address any inappropriate use of our website .
We do not save personal information to use for other purposes , nor do we provide it to any other organizations .
MayoClinic.com provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties .
You can sign up for a free email newsletter .
You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time .
Email communications that you send to us via the email links on our site may be shared with a customer service representative , employee , medical expert or agent that is most able to address your inquiry .
We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received .
Once we have responded to your communication , it is discarded or archived , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
The email functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication .
It 's possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user while in transit to us .
If you wish to keep your communication private , do not use our email .
You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site .
To stop receiving communications , send an email message to mayoinfo @ mayoclinic.com or send regular mail to the following postal address :  Security and Privacy Officer MayoClinic.com
200 First St. SW Rochester , MN 55905 We occasionally survey visitors to our site .
The information from these surveys is used in aggregated , de-identified form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site .
The information may be shared with third parties with whom we have a business relationship .
We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you ; if we do request contact information for follow-up , you may decline to provide it .
If survey respondents provide personal information ( such as an email address ) in a survey , it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request , or with third parties who perform data management services for our site .
Those third parties have agreed to keep all data from surveys confidential .
The Web server automatically collects the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computers that access our site .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet .
It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer .
We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site or advertisements from Mayo Clinic are being used and how we can better serve visitors .
We collect information about visitors to our site using " cookies " ( see definition on Webopedia ) and similar technology such as Web beacons , Web bugs , pixel tags , and so on .
We use this technology to recognize a repeat visitor and offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit .
We use session cookies to track a visitor 's path through our site during a visit , to help us understand how people use our site .
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for things like :  Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information Processing returns and exchanges Tracking and confirming online orders Delivering or installing products Marketing and advertising products and services Conducting research and analysis Communicating things like special events and surveys Establishing and managing your accounts with us Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online Operating , evaluating and improving our business
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other valid legal processes , we will not share any personally identifiable information we receive from you with any parties outside of Mayo Clinic .
We may share some information to third parties We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who we have engaged to help us provide the services .
In each case , we will ensure that these third parties have agreed not to use or disclose your personal information except to help us provide the services .
Except as noted above for newsletters and surveys , Mayo Clinic does not provide any third party access to your IP address and email address .
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors , traffic patterns and related site information .
These data reflect site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month , but they do not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information .
To help us determine the effectiveness of Mayo Clinic advertising , we work with Web analytics tools hosted by third parties who receive nonidentifiable information from your browser , including the site or the advertisement you came from , your IP address , your general geographic location , your browser and platform information , and the pages you view within our site .
Our sponsors and advertisers and their ad servers may use cookies when you view pages on our site .
They use those cookies to collect nonpersonal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising , or to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you or to avoid running the same ads to you over time .
We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or how they manage the nonpersonal information they gather through them .
However , our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on MayoClinic.com .
If you click on an advertisement on MayoClinic.com and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site .
You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you .
Some of our advertisers may participate in the Facebook/Nielsen program , which helps advertisers improve their measurement of advertising effectiveness .
If you are a Facebook user and access a page on our site containing an ad from a participating advertiser , Facebook receives a random numeric code identifying the ad that was served to you .
The ad is only identified to Facebook by the numeric code .
Facebook does not receive information that identifies the product or the advertiser .
Facebook , in turn , discloses only aggregate , de-identified information to Nielsen and the advertiser , not any personally identifiable information from your Facebook profile .
You can learn more about this program and find out how to opt out here :
What-is-the-Nielsen-partnership-with-Facebook-and-how-does-it-affect-me and here : http :
//www.nielsen-online.com/privacy.jsp ?section=leg_scs .
Note that Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on our site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet .
No personally identifiable information is collected as part of Google 's process .
Users may opt out of the use of this DART cookie by visiting Google 's privacy document .
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative .
Some ad servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies .
To do so , you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site .
You can opt out of cookies for several ad servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those ad servers .
Everyday Health may also use a third party ad network provider , Collective Media , to help present advertisements on this website .
Third party ad serving enables Everyday Health to target advertisements on MayoClinic.com to you for products and services
you might be interested in .
These third party network advertisers , along with other advertisers and sponsors on the website , may use cookies , Web beacons ( also called single pixel GIFs or action tags ) or similar technologies ( and , in the case of cookies , access them on your computer if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser ) to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited , to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to avoid sending you duplicated advertisements and to serve you advertisements on other sites .
In doing so , the provider collects nonpersonal data such as your browser type , your operating system , Web pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed and other clickstream data .
The use of third party cookies , Web beacons and similar technologies by these ad network providers is governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
Please visit Network Advertising Initiative to learn more about the information collection practices and opt-out procedures of third party ad networks we may use .
Whether you are visiting the Mayo Clinic site or in one of our clinic locations , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it .
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us .
The Mayo Clinic site uses encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport .
SSL protects information you submit via our website , such as ordering information including your name , address and credit card number .
That being said , Mayo Clinic can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide .
You should understand , however , that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception , and so we can not absolutely guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions .
To further protect your privacy , you may choose to :  Stop receiving marketing or promotional emails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications from Mayo Clinic Update and correct your personal information Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services To do any of these , contact Mayo Clinic by one of the methods listed below .
If you come to a Mayo Clinic website via a Mayo Clinic advertisement , the ad may have been served to you based on your interests or selected for you based on your browsing activities .
If you want to opt out of being served Mayo Clinic advertisements based on your browsing activity , you may opt out of cookies for multiple ad servers by visiting http : //info.evidon.com/more_info/1936 and http : //www.goodwaygroup.com/privacy .
We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children .
Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies .
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting .
We may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes and Mayo Clinic evolves .
If we make significant changes to the privacy policy , we 'll post a prominent message on our websites .
Security and Privacy Officer MayoClinic.com 200
First St. SW Rochester ,
If you 've contacted the website about a privacy-related concern and you do not believe your problem has been addressed , you may file a complaint with the Mayo Clinic chief security officer by calling the Mayo Clinic general number at 507-284-2511 and asking for the chief security officer .
This policy was last updated July 2013 .
MyFitnessPal , Inc. ( hereinafter , " MyFitnessPal " ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of users of the Website and MyFitnessPal mobile phone applications ( the " Applications " ) .
MyFitnessPal created this Privacy Policy to explain its information collection and use practices and the protection of Your information when You visit and use the Website and Applications .
Any terms capitalized but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the MyFitnessPal Terms of Use .
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Website and Applications and does not apply to any websites or applications that are owned or operated by third parties ( " Third-Party Websites/Applications " ) , which may have data collection , storage and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy .
For additional information , see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications , below .
BY USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATIONS , YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD , AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF , THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION .
MyFitnessPal automatically gathers information of the sort that browsers automatically make available , including : ( i ) IP addresses ; ( ii ) domain servers ; ( iii ) types of computers accessing the Website ; and ( iv ) types of Web browsers accessing the Website ( collectively " Traffic Data " ) .
Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify You .
A " Cookie " is a string of information that a website stores on a user 's computer , and that the user 's browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the website .
The purpose of a Cookie is to identify the user as a unique user of the Website .
MyFitnessPal uses Cookies to customize Your experience on the Website to Your interests , to ensure that You do not see the same advertisements or informational messages repeatedly , and to store Your password so You do not have to re-enter it each time You visit the Website .
In addition , MyFitnessPal may use Cookies , and other methods , to store and retrieve data from Your web browser .
For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Cookies , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , below .
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER , YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSERS TO REFUSE COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE , WITH THE UNDERSTANDING
THAT CERTAIN OF THE SERVICES AND CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF COOKIES .
Web Beacons " ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to Cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access Cookies .
Unlike Cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , Web Beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages ( or in e-mail ) .
Web Beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with Cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Web Beacons , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies & Web Beacons , below .
When users download , install and use the Applications on their mobile phone or other wireless telecommunications device , MyFitnessPal automatically gathers information , including without limitation , carrier providers , a unique device identifier , geo-location information ( if allowed by the user ) , the types of mobile devices accessing the Application , and the types of operating systems accessing the Applications ( collectively , " Mobile Device Data " ) .
A unique device identifier is a string of alphanumeric characters ( similar to a serial number ) used to uniquely identify and distinguish each mobile phone or other wireless communications device .
Location services can be enabled or disabled at anytime , through the mobile device settings .
MyFitnessPal uses Mobile Device Data to understand usage patterns and to improve the Applications .
For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Mobile Device Data , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , Web Beacons , and Mobile Device Data , below .
Ad Serving and Usage Analytics .
MyFitnessPal uses third-parties for advertising and usage analytics for the Website and Applications .
These third-parties may place Cookies on Your machine , use Web Beacons , gather Personal Information ( as defined below ) , Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data , and log data to collect traffic and activity data in order to deliver relevant metrics , content , and advertising .
We do not share your non-public Personal Information with these parties , but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see at MyFitness Pal .
The collection of this information by third-parties is subject to such third-parties ' privacy policies .
For additional information , see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications , below .
With regards to advertising on the Website , to learn more about behavioral advertising practices or to opt-out of this type of advertising , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices , http : //www.aboutads.info/choices , and http : //opt.jumptap.com/
You will be asked to provide MyFitnessPal certain information related to You ( " Personal Information " ) .
Personal Information includes , without limitation : ( 1 ) " Contact Data " ( personally identifiable information about You , such as Your name and email address , as well as Your friends and contacts , if you enable access to Your contacts and address book information ) ; and ( 2 ) " Demographic Data " ( personal information about You ( but does n't specifically identify You ) , such as Your gender , birthday , zip code , country , height , weight , lifestyle and exercise frequency ) ; and ( 3 ) " Fitness Data " ( information about Your use of the Services ( but does n't specifically identify You ) , such as Your caloric intake , nutritional statistics , fitness activity , and weight loss/gain ) .
The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile , providing the Website and/or Applications and related services , monitoring and improving the content and usage of the Website and/or Applications , interacting with the Website and/or Applications and with your friends and other members , to find and connect with Your friends and other members ( when instructed by You ) , customizing the advertising and content you see , communicating with you about new features and other news , and any other purpose for which the information was collected .
We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Website and/or Applications to your needs , to research the effectiveness of our Website and/or Applications , and to develop new tools for our members .
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information , however , not providing this information may prevent You from using certain features of the Services .
If you create an account using Your login/ID from a Third Party Service , like Facebook , MyFitnessPal will use Your login/ID to access and collect the information that Your privacy settings on that Third Party Service permits MyFitnessPal to access so that MyFitnessPal can create Your account and connect You with Your friends .
Information You Make Public .
Certain portions of the Website and Applications are open to any viewer , such as our community forums and Your personal profile .
Any information You post in these locations may be available and accessible to other members of the Website .
In addition , the Website contains features that permit You to upload , post , transmit , display , perform or distribute content , information or other data , including Your Personal Information .
Any information that You choose to disclose by means of such features becomes public information .
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Your Personal Information by means of such features , and You agree to assume all responsibility for doing so .
Traffic Data and Information Gathered
Using Cookies , Web Beacons & Mobile Device Data .
MyFitnessPal analyzes Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies , Web Beacons and Mobile Device Data to help MyFitnessPal better understand who is using the Website and/or Applications and how they are using the Website and/or Applications .
By identifying patterns and trends in usage , MyFitnessPal is able to better design the Website and Applications to improve Your experience , and to serve You more relevant and interesting content and advertisements .
From time to time , MyFitnessPal may release Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies , Web Beacons and Mobile Device Data in the aggregate , such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website .
In addition , MyFitnessPal may share Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data and information gathered using Cookies and Web Beacons with : ( 1 ) third-party analytics companies so that such third-parties may help MyFitnessPal better understand who is using the Website and/or Applications and how they are using the Website and/or Applications ; ( 2 ) advertisers and marketing partners so that such third-parties may provide You with advertisements tailored to Your interests ; and ( 3 ) service providers so that we can personalize , provide and improve our Services to Your use and interests .
Personal Information Contact Data .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Contact Data to send You information about MyFitnessPal and MyFitnessPal 's products and services , and to contact You when necessary in connection with the Services .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Contact Data ( when instructed by You ) to connect You with Your friends and other members with whom You want to connect with , according to the preferences set in Your account .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Demographic Data to customize and tailor Your experience on the Website and/or Applications .
As with Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data and information gathered using Cookies and Web Beacons , from time to time MyFitnessPal may release or share Demographic Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate , for industry analysis , research , demographic profiling and other similar purposes .
In addition , MyFitnessPal shares anonymized Demographic Data with its advertisers and marketing partners so that such third-parties may provide You with advertisements tailored to Your interests .
To opt-out of sharing your anonymized and Demographic Data with our advertising and marketing partners , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices , http : //www.aboutads.info/choices , and http : //opt.jumptap.com/optout/opt ?
MyFitnessPal uses Your Fitness Data to provide , personalize and improve Your experience on the Website and/or Applications .
As with Demographic Data and other data gathered through the Service , MyFitnessPal may release or share Fitness Data with third parties in anonymous form
and/or in the aggregate , for statistical analysis , research , demographic profiling and other similar purposes .
In addition , MyFitnessPal may share your Fitness Data along with some of Your Demographic Data , in anonymous form and in the aggregate , with other MyFitnessPal users so that You and other users can compare their own personal fitness , health and wellness situation relative to the entire MyFitnessPal community .
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , and when You otherwise give permission or under the following circumstances , MyFitnessPal will not share Your Personal Information with third parties .
Disclosure in Connection with Services .
MyFitnessPal discloses Personal Information to those who help it provide services , including those who perform technical , administrative and data processing tasks such as hosting , billing , fulfillment , and data storage and security .
By Law or to Protect Rights .
MyFitnessPal discloses Personal Information when required to do so by law , or in response to a subpoena or court order , or when MyFitnessPal believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MyFitnessPal , third-parties or the public at large .
Business Transfers ; Bankruptcy .
MyFitnessPal reserves the right to transfer all Personal Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger , acquisition , or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of MyFitnessPal ' assets .
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court , the use and disclosure of all transferred Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy , or to a new privacy policy if You are given notice of that new privacy policy and an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out of it .
Personal Information submitted or collected after a transfer , however , may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by MyFitnessPal 's successor organization .
In providing the Services , You may receive periodic email communications from MyFitnessPal regarding the Services , such as new product offers and other information regarding the Services , which are part of the Services and which You can not opt out of receiving .
You may also receive periodic promotions and other offers or materials
MyFitnessPal believes might be of interest to You .
You can opt-out of receiving these promotional messages at any time by ( a ) following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each message ; or ( b ) changing the messaging preferences in Your account .
By finding and connecting with Your friends and other members , You may receive electronic communications , including email and personal messages from other MyFitnessPal members .
You can manage the messages You receive from other members by changing the messaging preferences in Your account .
MyFitnessPal has implemented and maintains reasonable security procedures and practices designed to protect against the unauthorized access , use , modification , destruction or disclosure of Your Personal Information , however , despite these efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse .
In the event that Your Personal Information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , MyFitnessPal will promptly notify You if Your Personal Information has been compromised as required by applicable law .
If You have an account , You can access and modify Your Personal Information through Your account , at any time .
If you completely delete all such information You will not be able to access or use the Website and/or Applications correctly .
If You would like MyFitnessPal to delete Your Personal Information from its system , please contact us at removal @
myfitnesspal.com with a request that we delete Your Personal Information from its database .
MyFitnessPal will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor Your request ; however , MyFitnessPal may retain an archived copy of Your records as required by law or for other legitimate business purposes .
MyFitnessPal wants Your Personal Information to be complete and accurate .
By using the Website and/or Applications , You represent and warrant that all information You provide on any registration form or otherwise in connection with Your use of the Website and/or Applications and Services will be complete and accurate , and that You will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy .
To confirm the completeness and accuracy of , or make changes to , Your Personal Information , please visit Your personal profile .
The Website and Applications contain links to Third-Party Websites/Applications .
MyFitnessPal does not own or control these Third-Party Websites/Applications .
MyFitnessPal is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of those Third-Party Websites/Applications and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any Third-Party Websites/Applications , except with respect to Personal Information provided directly to them by MyFitnessPal .
Before visiting or providing Personal Information to a Third-Party Website , You should inform Yourself of the privacy policies and practices ( if any ) of that Third-Party Website , and should take those steps necessary to , in Your discretion , protect Your privacy .
MyFitnessPal reserves the right to , update , change or modify this Privacy Policy .
Any material changes to this policy will be posted on the Website and/or Applications ( or You may be notified by email or other notification ) , and will indicate when such changes will become effective .
You will be deemed to have agreed to any such modification or amendment by Your decision to continue using the Website
and/or Application following the date in which the modified or amended Privacy Policy is posted on the Website .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
MyFitnessPal does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If MyFitnessPal obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , MyFitnessPal will promptly delete such information from its database .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide Your information to MyFitnessPal , Your information will be transferred to the United States and processed there ( or any other country where MyFitnessPal operates ) .
By providing Your information and using the Website and/or Applications , You agree and consent to the collection , transfer , use , storage and disclosure of Your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
EFFECTIVE DATE : JUNE 11 , 2013
Home Call Toll Free : 877-985-2695 JoinSign inFAQCart SEARCH Home SupplementsFood & BeveragePersonal CareHouseholdPetsKidsFitnessLibraryTop SellersContact Us HOME Mercola.com 's Policy on Security , Privacy and Website
Terms of Use truste-logoThis policy sets forth the type of information Mercola.com collects from you via this website ( the " Website " ) , the way we use such information , and the procedures we use to keep such information confidential .
This policy also sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of the website and its content .
Mercola.com takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users ' personal information .
When users submit sensitive information via the Mercola.com website , their information is protected both online and off-line .
Contents Your Consent Notification of Changes Opt-Out or Termination of User
The Information We Collect Children under 13 Log Files
We Use Information Newsletter Email-A-Friend Links Third Party Advertising Unsolicited Ideas
Intellectual Property Copyright Infringement Policy for Claims under the DMCA Warranties and Warranty Disclaimer Limitation of Liability and Liability Disclaimer Indemnification
Miscellaneous By using the Website , you consent to the collection and use of certain information in the manner we describe and agree to be bound by the terms of use as set forth herein .
By logging into your cart , you consent to periodic email notifications regarding the status of your check-out process .
You may opt out of these any time after your initial notice .
The practices and policies contained in this Policy are subject to change at any time without prior notice .
If we decide to change our policies , we will post those changes on this Website .
Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the Policy in place at the time such information is collected notwithstanding future changes to this Policy .
The practices and policies in this Policy replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject matter .
If users have opted out of all communication with the Website , or deleted/deactivated their account , Mercola.com will not contact such users again nor will their personal information ever be used by us in any manner .
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us .
We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us , and we maintain commercially reasonable procedures and technology designed for this purpose .
The Website has reasonable technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control .
However , we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes .
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information , such as credit card number , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry , 128-bit SSL .
While on a secure page , such as our order form , the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to un-locked , or open , when users are just ' surfing ' .
While we use 128-bit SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online , we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line .
All of our users ' information , not just the sensitive information mentioned above , is restricted in our offices .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( for example , our billing clerk or a customer service representative ) are granted access to personally identifiable information .
Finally , the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment .
We request information from the user on our secure order form .
A user must provide contact information ( such as name , email , and shipping address ) and financial information ( such as credit card number , expiration date ) .
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer 's orders .
We may store this information securely on our server .
If we have trouble processing an order , the information is used to contact the user .
This information is only shared with other companies who work on behalf of Mercola.com to provide a product or service to you .
Unless we tell you differently , these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
We may also use this information to inform you of additional goods and services about which you might be interested or to customize your experience and use of the Website .
We may ask you for personally-identifying information in connection with a promotion or survey .
Any email you receive from us , or third parties authorized by you to send email , will contain additional opt-out or unsubscribe options in the email with instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving future emails .
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors , such as IP addresses , browsers , pages viewed , number of visitors , goods and services purchased , transactions completed , etc .
To do this , we use action tags and cookies provided by our site analytics and marketing partners .
Although these partners log the information coming from our site on our behalf , we authorize how that data may and may not be used .
We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 without containing verifiable consent from their parents .
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who address our website , and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages .
If a child has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities .
For more information about the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , visit http : //www.coppa.org/ .
Like most standard website servers , we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information .
Our goal is to provide products that best meet your needs , therefore we evaluate your personal interactions with us in an effort to bring you the products which best suit your tastes .
In addition , we use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to statistically analyze site usage , to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site 's content , layout , and services .
We may use your information to deliver information to you that , in some cases , is targeted to your interests , such as targeted banners , new products , services and promotions .
At times we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests , experience or requests , which we may use to customize our products and services for you .
If you place a request for products or services , we use your personal information to ship your order ; if the products or services are from a retail partner , we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction .
If you establish a credit account with us or our providers , we collect additional information , including billing information , credit card number and expiration date , and tracking information from checks or money orders .
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes or investigate problems .
We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , to manage our website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive .
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions on our unsubscribe page .
If a user elects to use our E-mail to a friend service for informing a someone about an article , we launch the default email program on the users computer .
We do not know who you send the article to and therefore we could not collect and store that data .
The Web site contains links to other sites .
Mercola.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites .
By including links to other websites , we neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies of each may differ from ours .
This privacy statement applies solely to the Mercola.com website .
We do not accept any paid advertisements on Mercola.com .
Any services or products recommended and/or offered in the newsletter or elsewhere on Mercola.com have gone through extensive review before such recommendations , and based on that review were recommended and/or offered .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ds on Mercola.com .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Mercola.com users based on their visit to Mercola.com and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We welcome feedback , questions and comments about our products , services and this Website .
As a general policy , we do not accept unsolicited ideas for products or services through this Website .
All communications and other materials ( including , without limitation , unsolicited ideas , photographs , drawings , suggestions , or materials ) you send to this Website by e-mail or otherwise are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Mercola.com and may be used by us for any purpose whatsoever , commercial or otherwise , without compensation to you .
Mercola.com is the exclusive owner and or licensee of the content , products and services ( " Content " ) offered on the Mercola website and retains all proprietary rights in and to such Content , including all copyrighted material , trademarks , and other proprietary information of Mercola.com , and its licensors .
Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission , you may not copy , modify , publish , transmit , distribute , perform , display , or sell any such proprietary information .
If you believe that any Content has been copied and posted on the Mercola website by Mercola or any third party in a manner that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement , please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information : an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest ; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed ; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website ; your address , telephone number , and email address ; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ; a statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf .
Mercola.com 's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement under the DMCA can be reached as follows :  Mercola.com Customer Service 3200 W. Higgins Road Hoffman Estates ,
IL 60169 Mercola will use reasonable commercial efforts to maintain the functionality and availability of the services ; however the services are provided to you " AS IS " without any warranty of any kind .
EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW , MERCOLA.COM HEREBY
ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE , ITS CONTENT , PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
You agree that your use of the Website is done entirely at your own risk .
Mercola does not warrant that your use of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free .
Mercola.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the website , whether caused by Mercola , Members , non-members , agents , representatives , partners or licensors .
Mercola.com assumes no responsibility for any error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , communications line failure , theft or destruction or unauthorized access to , or alteration of , user or Member communications .
Mercola.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines , computer online systems or access , servers or providers , computer equipment , software , failure of email on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or combination thereof , including injury or damage to users
and/or Members or to any other person 's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the services .
Mercola makes no warranties and shall have no liability for any claim of copyright , trademark or patent infringement based on your use of or combination of any third party product or software with the services , or any part thereof , ( unless authorized in writing by Mercola ) if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of the services without the use of other software , hardware or products .
MERCOLA AND ITS AGENTS , REPRESENTATIVES , PARTNERS , SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR AND DAMAGES OR LOSS
ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGE , WHETHER BASED ON TORT , BODILY INJURY , DEATH , LOST REVENUE
OTHERWISE , REGARDLESS OF WHETHER MERCOLA WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES IN ADVANCE AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED OR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF ANY KIND .
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN ,
TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER , AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION , WILL AT
ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID ,
IF ANY , BY YOU TO MERCOLA.COM FOR THE SERVICES .
ON BEHALF OF ITSELF , ITS PARTNERS , LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS , MERCOLA DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ( INCLUDING BODILY INJURY OR DEATH )
ARISING FROM OR RELATED THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICES .
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mercola.com , its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , agents , licensors , partners and employees , from any loss , liability , claim , or demand , including reasonable attorney 's fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Website , Content and services in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement .
Any dispute about or involving Mercola.com and/or your use of this Website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflict of law provisions .
You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of Illinois .
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be or becomes unenforceable or illegal , such provision shall be adjusted to the minimum extent necessary to cure such unenforceability or illegality and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms as modified by such adjustment .
TRUSTe truste-logoMercola.com is a Participant in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world .
As this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact us at http :
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry , or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe at http : //www.truste.org
/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns .
Mercola Health Resources , LLC , Vitamins & Food Supplements , Hoffman Estates , IL McAfee SECURE sites
help keep you safe from identity theft , credit card fraud , spyware , spam , viruses and online scams Click for company profile Subscribe to Dr. Mercola 's Natural Health Newsletter :
Inside Mercola.com About Dr. Mercola Articles Contact Us
Dr. Mercola 's Clinic En Espanol Press Room Special Reports Video Library Terms of Use Privacy Policy Media
Mercola Social Responsibility Products Air Purifier Bath Care Cookware Dental Care Feminine Care Krill Oil Organic India Power Plate Probiotics Productos Protein Powder Skin Care Tanning Beds Vision Fitness Water Filters
Special Info Sites Aspartame Cancer Fitness Fluoride Fructose/Sugar GMO Mercury Nutritional Typing Pets Vaccines Vitamin D Shopping Autoship Program FAQs Online Shopping Premier Program Return Policy Shipping Policy Wholesale Program
* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration .
This product is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease .
If you are pregnant , nursing , taking medication , or have a medical condition , consult your physician before using this product .
The entire contents of this website are based upon the opinions of Dr. Mercola , unless otherwise noted .
Individual articles are based upon the opinions of the respective author , who retains copyright as marked .
The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice .
It is intended as a sharing of knowledge and information from the research and experience of Dr. Mercola and his community .
Dr. Mercola encourages you to make your own health care decisions based upon your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional .
If you want to use this article on your site please click here .
This content may be copied in full , with copyright , contact , creation and information intact , without specific permission , when used only in a not-for-profit format .
If any other use is desired , permission in writing from Dr. Mercola is required .
The World 's # 1 Natural Health Website claim is based upon Alexa Natural Health Website rankings .
Copyright 1997-2013 Dr. Joseph Mercola .
For the purposes of this privacy policy , the terms " we " , " us " , " our " and " Drugs.com " refer to our Web site www.drugs.com .
The terms " You " and " End-User " refer to You as a user of this Site .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
online privacy certification Drugs.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe certification only covers information collected on our Web site www.drugs.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our Mobile Application .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact :  Drugsite Trust 25 Apollo Drive , suite A Auckland 0632 New Zealand Telephone : +64 9 476 8500
By e-mail : Privacy email address If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Drugs.com collects no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us ( such as through registration on our site , Mednotes , or on the product information submission forms ) .
However , we may collect and store certain information automatically .
This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
This information may include :  Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the domain from which You access the Internet , either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
Date and time You access our site .
Pages You view ( recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page ) .
Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site .
Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using .
Drugs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on the Drugs.com web site .
Drugs.com collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site .
We may use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors , such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors , and for other purposes such as determining the site 's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas .
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
Cookies A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on this site .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to provide you with enhanced services ( viewing history , account information ) .
A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser .
If you reject cookies , you can still use our site , but your ability to use or access some areas of our site may be limited .
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs )  
Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :  http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html# 117118 You may choose to provide us with personal information , by sending e-mail with questions or comments or by filling out an online form and submitting it to us through our web site .
We use this information to ;  Gather the requested information .
Respond to Your message .
Follow-up as appropriate .
Drugs.com does not create individual profiles with the information You provide .
If information is collected , it will be used solely in connection with Drugs.com , or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection .
Drugs.com does not give , sell , or transfer any personal information to any third party for their promotional purposes .
However , Your e-mail message , question , or comment may be forwarded to other Drugs.com employees , contractors or subcontractors , who may be better able to help You .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations .
However , e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders can not expect guaranteed privacy .
Security Drugs.com follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We use SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology to protect your sensitive information on our site .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send an email using our contact form .
Refer a Friend If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Drugs.com does not store this information .
In order to use some areas of this web site , you must first complete the registration form .
During registration you are required to provide contact information such as your name , age , email address , preferred username , password and preferred subscriptions .
We will only use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
You also have the option to provide demographic information to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update , delete , or deactivate your information by signing into your account or by emailing our Customer Support or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above .
E-mail Disclosure If you subscribe to receive e-mail , we will only send messages to notify you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
These e-mails may contain an occasional sponsor message .
E-mail messages sent to you will always contain at least one clearly visible link to unsubscribe .
To store a medication profile using Drugs.com Mednotes , you will need to create an account .
When You create a Drugs.com Account , we ask for your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access .
You control who can access the information stored in Mednotes .
You are the only user who can view and edit your Mednotes profiles .
Any information in your Mednotes profiles will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
Drugs.com will use aggregate data to publish drug usage statistics , drug interaction data and drug treatment combinations .
None of this data can be used to personally identify an individual .
No data from Mednotes will be sold to any other party .
Personally Identifiable Information ( PII )  Community/Forum/Bulletin Board/Answers/
If you choose to participate in any community or social oriented parts of the Drugs.com website , such as a forum , bulletin board , blog , chatroom , Q&A , reviews or comments section , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit .
Drugs.com also reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use .
Data Retention Drugs.com may retain personally identifiable information for the purpose of improving your user experience as a site member .
This data is removed when your account with Drugs.com is closed , terminated or upon request .
We provide you the opportunity to ' opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information .
For example , if you set up an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference during signup .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter , by signing into your account or by emailing us .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
To request the removal of publicly displayed personally identifiable information , you may contact us through our support system .
In order for us to consider your request , you are required to include your account name and links to any page ( s ) where you believe any such personally identifiable information exists .
For each instance , you must also provide clear instructions describing the exact position/location of the personally identifiable information on any page .
Legal Disclosure Drugs.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
Updating and Closing Your Account You may update or close/delete your account at any time .
When a member is signed in a prominent link is provided to comprehensive account settings including options to permanently delete their account and to opt in or out of email newsletters .
Deleting your account will also remove any personally identifiable information that may have been submitted to Drugs.com upon registration .
Social Media Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Changes to the Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For the purposes of this privacy policy
, the terms " we " , " us " , " our " and " Drugs.com " refer to our Web site www.drugs.com .
The terms " You " and " End-User " refer to You as a user of this Site .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
TRUSTe online privacy certification Drugs.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe certification only covers information collected on our Web site www.drugs.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our Mobile Application .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact :  Drugsite Trust 25 Apollo Drive , suite A Auckland 0632 New Zealand Telephone : +64 9 476 8500
By e-mail : Privacy email address If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Drugs.com collects no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us ( such as through registration on our site , Mednotes , or on the product information submission forms ) .
However , we may collect and store certain information automatically .
This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
This information may include :  Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the domain from which You access the Internet , either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
Date and time You access our site .
Pages You view ( recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page ) .
Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site .
Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using .
Drugs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on the Drugs.com web site .
Drugs.com collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site .
We may use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors , such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors , and for other purposes such as determining the site 's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas .
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on this site .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to provide you with enhanced services ( viewing history , account information ) .
A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser .
If you reject cookies , you can still use our site , but your ability to use or access some areas of our site may be limited .
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :  http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html# 117118 You may choose to provide us with personal information , by sending e-mail with questions or comments or by filling out an online form and submitting it to us through our web site .
We use this information to ;  Gather the requested information .
Respond to Your message .
Follow-up as appropriate .
Drugs.com does not create individual profiles with the information You provide .
If information is collected , it will be used solely in connection with Drugs.com , or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection .
Drugs.com does not give , sell , or transfer any personal information to any third party for their promotional purposes .
However , Your e-mail message , question , or comment may be forwarded to other Drugs.com employees , contractors or subcontractors , who may be better able to help You .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations .
However , e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders can not expect guaranteed privacy .
Drugs.com follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We use SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology to protect your sensitive information on our site .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send an email using our contact form .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Drugs.com does not store this information .
In order to use some areas of this web site , you must first complete the registration form .
During registration you are required to provide contact information such as your name , age , email address , preferred username , password and preferred subscriptions .
We will only use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
You also have the option to provide demographic information to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update , delete , or deactivate your information by signing into your account or by emailing our Customer Support or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above .
If you subscribe to receive e-mail , we will only send messages to notify you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
These e-mails may contain an occasional sponsor message .
E-mail messages sent to you will always contain at least one clearly visible link to unsubscribe .
To store a medication profile using Drugs.com Mednotes , you will need to create an account .
When You create a Drugs.com Account , we ask for your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access .
You control who can access the information stored in Mednotes .
You are the only user who can view and edit your Mednotes profiles .
Any information in your Mednotes profiles will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
Drugs.com will use aggregate data to publish drug usage statistics , drug interaction data and drug treatment combinations .
None of this data can be used to personally identify an individual .
No data from Mednotes will be sold to any other party .
Community/Forum/Bulletin Board/Answers/
If you choose to participate in any community or social oriented parts of the Drugs.com website , such as a forum , bulletin board , blog , chatroom , Q&A , reviews or comments section , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit .
Drugs.com also reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use .
Data Retention Drugs.com may retain personally identifiable information for the purpose of improving your user experience as a site member .
This data is removed when your account with Drugs.com is closed , terminated or upon request .
We provide you the opportunity to ' opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information .
For example , if you set up an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference during signup .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter , by signing into your account or by emailing us .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
To request the removal of publicly displayed personally identifiable information , you may contact us through our support system .
In order for us to consider your request , you are required to include your account name and links to any page ( s ) where you believe any such personally identifiable information exists .
For each instance , you must also provide clear instructions describing the exact position/location of the personally identifiable information on any page .
Legal Disclosure Drugs.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
You may update or close/delete your account at any time .
When a member is signed in a prominent link is provided to comprehensive account settings including options to permanently delete their account and to opt in or out of email newsletters .
Deleting your account will also remove any personally identifiable information that may have been submitted to Drugs.com upon registration .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy policy , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the change becoming effective .
Updated : June 14th , 2013
Privacy Policy We take your privacy seriously .
We only ask you to provide information that we need in order to deliver the service or information you have requested .
At this website , your personally identifiable information is collected from you when you use the website to perform certain tasks , such as : i )
When you post or comment on an article or blogpost or send email to us ( such as your name and email address ) .
When you send email to a professional listed in one of the professional directories ( such as your name and email address ) or when you email a friend about a professional ( such as your name and email address and your friend 's name and email address ) .
Please note that we do not read or retain the message in your e-mail . iii )
When you call a professional using their number listed in one of the professional directories ( such as information about where the call was placed ) .
When you fill out a self-assessment or take a self-test .
The assessments and tests are administered by third-parties which have its own Privacy Policies concerning information they may collect from users .
Please refer to their policies via the Privacy Policy links on the assessment and test pages .
v ) When you subscribe to a publication ( such as your name and address ) .
When you purchase something from us .
Your payment information is submitted directly to the credit card processor , who is responsible for its use and security .
When you register to be listed in our directories .
We collect information that will be used to create your profile in the directory , such as name , address , email address , as well as well as such professional information as your qualifications , certifications , the demographic region in which you practice , and your fields of specialty .
We collect additional information for our records that may not be displayed as part of your directory profile , but is necessary to check the information you provide or accept payment from you .
When you open an email communication from us in your email program , we may use a software technology called web beacons that to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients .
This allows us to know how well customers respond to certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
In addition , like most sites , we maintain logs of site usage for purposes such as to evaluate our users ' interest level in areas of the website ,
which and how many pages they look at
, how long they stay on the website , and what Web browsers are used .
This data is tracked in aggregate form , not at an individual user level , and is not uniquely identifying .
The aggregate level data may be shared with third parties and the public .
We only use information we collect to provide you the services on our website that you request .
We share information with third parties only when needed to deliver to you products or services that you request .
For example , we share information from publication subscribers with the company that mails the magazines and information from those who purchase something from us with the credit card payment processing company .
Some professionals wishing to list their services may have the information provided used to check with state licensing boards .
Otherwise , we do not share or sell any personally identifiable information about website visitors .
b ) We may use a software technology called " cookies " to create a personalized Web experience for our users .
Cookies can not be used to find your name , email address , or anything that is uniquely identifying about you , unless you provide that information .
We use cookies for those applications that require us to keep track of information to customize results .
If you do n't have your browser set to accept cookies , certain areas of the website may not function properly .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party websites , the third party may collect information about you at their Web site .
The third party may have its own privacy policies that differ from ours .
We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any website you visit .
The materials you post on the website , such as articles , blogposts , directory information and comments , are made available to be seen and read by other users of the website .
No such materials are treated confidentially .
We will remove your materials from the website at your request , but we can not give any assurances that such materials are not still available from servers maintained by others ( such as search engines or proxy servers ) or that others have not already downloaded and stored such materials .
From time to time , we obtain lists of people who may be interested in our products and services from third-party marketing list suppliers .
We use these lists to send direct marketing promotions by mail or by email .
We do our best to obtain these lists only from suppliers who collect their lists in compliance with applicable law , but we are not responsible for the conduct and policies of these suppliers .
Please note that even if you are a registered customer of ours and have asked us not to use the information you provided to us to send you promotional material , a third-party marketing list supplier may still provide us with your name and address .
As a result , you may receive the promotional material sent by us to others on the supplier 's list .
If you have received a promotion from us and do not wish to receive future promotions , please contact us at newsletters @
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy , we can not guarantee your privacy .
Further , we may disclose personal information when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on us .
We may also disclose personal information in cooperation with a law enforcement request .
We reserve the right to change this policy in accordance with the amendment policy in the website 's Terms of Use .
Skip directly to searchSkip directly to A to Z listSkip directly to site contentSkip directly to page options CDC Home Search On this Page Information Collected and Stored Automatically Web measurement and customization technologies
You Can Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If You Send Us Personal Information Intrusion Detection and Security Third-Party Websites and Applications
Thank you for visiting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) website and for reviewing our Privacy Policy .
CDC is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information .
With respect to the collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information ( PII ) CDC complies with applicable federal law .
Our privacy policy is clear :  CDC does not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) when you visit our Websites unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Any PII that you choose to provide is fully protected .
PII information related to your visit to our websites may be automatically collected and temporarily stored .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :  When you browse through any Website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
If you do nothing during a visit to the CDC Website other than browse through the website , read pages or download information , certain data will be gathered and stored automatically about the visit .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and temporarily store only the following information about your visit :  the Internet domain ( for example , " xcompany.com " if a private Internet access account is used , or " yourschool.edu " if connecting from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when surfing the Web ) ;
Operating System and information about the Web browser ( used when accessing the site ; the visit date and time ; the specific pages visited ; if www.cdc.gov is designated as a home page ; and the amount of data ( measured in number of bytes ) transmitted from CDC.gov to your computer .
We use this information in the aggregate to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections , to enhance site performance , and to improve the overall customer service experience for our visitors by making it more useful .
All uses of Web measurement and customization technologies will comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards .
Information Systems owned and operated by CDC are assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIAs ) posted for public view on the Department of Health and Human Services
( HHS ) Website ( http :
//www.hhs.gov/pia/ ) .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
For these records , CDC Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the CDC Web site at : http : //www.cdc.gov/SORNnotice/ .
CDC Websites use a variety of different Web measurement and customization technologies to collect and analyze the information with regard to users ' visits .
Some pages on CDC.gov may include web content or functionality from third parties .
For example , content or functionality from the following third parties may be present on some CDC.gov pages , including but not limited to :  3ci MotionPoint Omniture Socrata Twibbon UserZoom CDC uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
CDC.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the CDC.gov Website .
This survey does not collect personally identifiable information .
Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the CDC.gov site as those who do not take the survey .
The survey reports are available only to CDC.gov staff , such as subject matter experts , health communication staff and other designated staff who necessarily require this information to perform their duties .
CDC retains the data from ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the CDC.gov Web site , but for no longer than one ( 1 ) year .
ForeSee 's privacy policy is available at : http : //www.foreseeresults.com/privacy-policy.shtml CDC uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them .
To subscribe to a CDC product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive .
The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery .
Only the CDC managers who send newsletters , alerts or memos via GovDelivery and staff members who monitor the results of GovDelivery email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists .
GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of CDC for any purpose .
GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks and open rates .
This information is password protected and only available to CDC.gov managers , members of the CDC.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
The GovDelivery privacy policy is available at : http : //www.govdelivery.com/legal-privacy Back to Top The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memorandum M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( June 25 , 2010 ) , ( available at http : //www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/assets/memoranda_2010/m10-22.pdf ) allows federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any Web site , a small text file called a " cookie " may be placed on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to remember specific information about your visit while you are connected to that Website .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from CDC Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to our site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
CDC uses two types of cookies on its Websites : single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) :  Session Cookies :
We use session cookies for technical purposes to improve the user experience while visiting our Website .
Session cookies are temporary text files that expire when you leave our Websites .
Once you close your browser , the cookie is destroyed and automatically deleted from your computer .
Under OMB M-10-22 , our use of session cookies is defined as Usage Tier 1 single session .
The policy states that this tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for a longer period .
These multi-session cookies are stored on your computer and expire 1 year after your last visit to a Website .
After 1 year , they are automatically deleted from your computer ; however , you may also choose to delete persistent cookies from your computer at any time .
We use persistent cookies to collect non-PII data about users who frequently visit our Websites , and to test variations of our site design and content to optimize our Web pages .
In the Office of Management and Budget
Memo 10-22 Guidance , our use of persistent cookies is defined as " Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) , " which " encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer at all , you can choose not to accept cookies from the CDC Website by changing your browser settings .
By not accepting cookies you will still have access to all information , and resources on our Websites , identical to that received by individuals choosing to accept the cookies .
Instructions to opt out or disable cookies using some of the most popular browsers are available at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml .
Back to Top You do not have to give us personal information to visit the CDC Websites .
If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself , as in an e-mail message , questionnaire , form , online survey , or other tool , submitted through our website , we only use that information to respond to your message .
We will maintain any information you provide in accordance with applicable federal law .
CDC will not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personal information about visitors to our websites , unless required for law enforcement or by statute .
Moreover , we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give it to any private organizations .
CDC does not collect information for commercial marketing .
Remember , however , that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
Therefore , if your communication is sensitive or includes personal information , you may prefer to send it to CDC via postal mail instead .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information ( PII ) - that is to say , information that is personal in nature and may be used to identify you - as in an e-mail message , questionnaire , form , online survey , or other tool , submitted through our website , we will maintain the information that you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If we store your personal information in a records system designed to retrieve contact information about individuals by personal identifier ( e.g. , name , personal e-mail address , home ( mailing ) address , personal or mobile phone number , etc. ) , we will safeguard your information in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C. 552a ) .
If , in order to accomplish its mission , CDC operates a system of records from which it retrieves information that you submit , there will be a Privacy Act Notice prominently displayed on the public-facing website or form that requests your PII .
If applicable , such Notice must state the following five criteria :  The purpose for which CDC is collecting your information CDC 's legal authorization to collect your information The Routine Uses for which your information will be disclosed outside of CDC
Whether providing your information is voluntary or legally mandatory The effects , if any , of nondisclosure of your information should you choose not to provide it .
For further information about CDC privacy policy , please contact the CDC Senior Official for Privacy at mailto : privacy @ cdc.gov , or call 770-488-8660 .
This site is maintained by the U.S. Government and is protected by various provisions of Title 18 of the U.S. Code .
Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in Federal court .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , CDC employs software programs to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this Website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law , including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 .
In addition to CDC 's official website on www.cdc.gov , CDC uses social media and third-party ( non-CDC ) websites to share information and to engage the public .
For example , there may be third-party applications and/or services linked to or embedded on www.cdc.gov to improve its functionality .
Likewise , applications created by CDC may be embedded on third-party websites as a way to increase public awareness of CDC activities .
Our integration of these products is intended to provide a seamless user experience and to enhance users ' ability to access information and communicate with CDC .
Your activity on these third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third party sites .
Consequently , you should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences .
Some third-party websites and applications may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to the public and/or CDC based on your user controlled settings or the privacy policies of the third-party .
CDC will not collect , maintain , use , or share any PII that becomes available through CDC 's use of third-party websites or applications .
Please be aware that the privacy policy provided on social media and third-party websites that are not a part of the cdc.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy policy described here .
PII or other information that you share through social media , or a third-party website or application may be accessible by non-government third parties .
As described in these website policies , you can communicate with CDC without involving a third-party .
Back to Top Email page link Print page Get email updates Subscribe to RSS Listen to audio/Podcast Contact Us :  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Rd Atlanta , GA 30333
800-CDC-INFO ( 800-232-4636 ) TTY : ( 888 ) 232-6348
Contact CDCINFO Share Add this to ...  
Favorites Delicious Digg Google Bookmarks LinkedIn
Pin ItPinterest Email Print Page last reviewed : January 26 , 2012 Page last updated : January 26 , 2012 Content source : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Home
A-Z Index Site Map Policies Using this Site Link to Us
All Languages CDC Mobile Contact CDC
USA.gov : The U.S. Government 's Official Web PortalDepartment of Health and Human Services Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Rd.
Atlanta , GA 30333 , USA 800-CDC-INFO ( 800-232-4636 )
) 232-6348 - Contact CDCINFO A-Z Index A B C D E F G H I J K L M N
O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z #  Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect from users of our services .
Who are we and how to contact us ?
Hearst Rodale UK Limited ( Hearst-Rodale ) has its head office at : 72 , Broadwick Street , London ,
The company is registered in England 00519122 , VAT Registration GB 626 914 329 .
If you would like to contact us for any reason , please email us at dp @ hearst.co.uk
and we will do our best to answer your questions .
1.What information do we collect from you ?
How we collect Personal Data 1.2 Anonymous data collected via technology 1.3 Personal Data that we collect from you about others 2.How will we use the information we collect ?
we share your Personal Data with other companies ?
4.Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details up-to-date 5.Other websites 6.Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ?
7.Access to your Personal Data 8.Questions regarding this Privacy Policy 9.Changes to this Privacy Policy Hearst Rodale collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our sites or when you send us information or communications .
Personal Data means data that allows someone to identify you , including , for example , your name , address , telephone and mobile numbers , e-mail address , as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to , or could be linked to , any of the foregoing data .
Anonymous Data means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data ; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons .
We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data , as described below .
How we collect Personal Data
We collect Personal Data from you , such as your name , contact details , country of residence , zip code or post code , gender , and/or birth date when you register on one of our sites or when you choose to use the various services we provide on our sites .
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily , when , for instance , you make a purchase , respond to surveys and questionnaires , or enter a competition .
If you provide us feedback regarding our sites or services via e-mail , we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply .
In order to improve our services to you , we may ask you to voluntarily complete confidential surveys .
We do not ask you to provide us any personally identifiable data in association with these surveys although we do associate your responses with Personal Data .
If you do not wish to participate in a survey , however , simply decline to participate when asked .
1.2 Anonymous Data Collected via Technology
To make our services more useful to you , we use technological means to collect Personal Data from you , including the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
We also use cookies or clear GIFs to collect Personal Data from you about your use of our sites or e-mails we send you .
You expressly consent to our use of cookies and clear GIFs when you use our services .
An " IP Address " is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet .
In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider , your IP address probably varies from session to session .
We track IP addresses solely in conjunction with session cookies to analyse our Web page flow .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing a Web site .
Hearst Rodale uses both session cookies ( which expire once you close your Web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our sites .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can disable this function by changing the cookie profile on your computer 's Web browser .
If you disable your cookies , however , you will not have access to certain features of our sites such as " Remember My Password " or interactive quizzes .
We do not store any Personal Data in cookies on your computer ( other than the cookie itself ) .
For more information on cookies please visit http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ " Clear GIFs " are clear electronic images that are used to track your movements on our sites .
They help us to determine whether content on our sites is effective .
We also use clear GIFs in HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails have been opened and acted upon by recipients ( including any persons to which the e-mails have been forwarded ) .
Clear GIFs on our sites collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the clear GIF resides .
This information helps us assess the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns .
That We Collect from You About Others
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to join any of our services , we will collect your name and e-mail address as well as your friend 's or family member 's e-mail address in order to send their e-mail .
We will always ask your permission to mention your name when contacting your friend or family member .
This information is used once only and is not saved in our database , unless they have entered a competition or other promotion in which case their e-mail address is stored only for that purpose .
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to become involved we will collect and save their e-mail address into our database , along with their contact preferences , as we would for anyone who registers on our sites .
Hearst Rodale uses your Personal Data to provide you with a customised Web experience and to provide services to you .
Such services include sending you marketing messages if you have given us permission to do so , processing your answers to quizzes , and sending electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails to you .
We also use Personal Data for customer service messages , to notify you about updates to our services and to respond to your requests .
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information ( such as your name ) that makes the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users ' aggregate behaviour so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation .
Hearst Rodale reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties at its discretion , in aggregate form .
If you elect to receive communications from us we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our sites or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third parties .
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy and in our Privacy Notices where you give us your consent , we do not sell , trade , or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties .
However , we will share your Personal Data with our third party suppliers who need to process your data in order to fulfil your request , such as to charge your credit card ( if authorised by you ) , fill your order , and deliver promotional e-mails .
These third parties are required under contract not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Hearst Rodale and to guarantee to our satisfaction that they have sufficient processes in place to ensure the security of your data whilst it is in their care .
You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the purpose of providing services to you .
If you send a testimonial or comment to us , we may post it on our site or use it in advertising materials .
We will attribute your testimonial to you by posting your first and last initial or your first name and last initial next to your testimonial on our site or advertising materials , if provided .
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data ( as described below ) , Hearst Rodale may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) protect or defend the rights or property of Hearst Rodale or users of our services .
Hearst Rodale is a company with subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under a common control ( collectively , affiliates ) .
These affiliates include , but are not limited to , Hearst-Rodale , netdoctor.com , handbag.com .
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these affiliates , in which case we will require our affiliates to honour this Privacy Policy .
If an affiliate or another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy and the terms under which you submitted your data .
If you provide Hearst Rodale with your contact details and agree to receive promotional messages , we may share your details with our affiliates or other third-party businesses that offer goods or services that we believe may be of interest to our customers .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from such third parties ; however , we allow you to opt out at any time of having your Personal Data shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of sending you relevant information .
If you would like to cease receiving these communications , you may unsubscribe by logging into Edit
My Profile and updating your preferences .
We offer you choices regarding the collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Data .
You may proactively make such choices by visiting Edit
When you register on one of our sites , we will ask you if you want to receive future communications from us .
You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by ticking the box located on the registration form .
Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us , you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by going to My Profile .
If at any time you wish to subscribe to any communications from us , login to your account .
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences , we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy .
You may change any of your contact information in your account online by visiting Edit
Be sure to include your full name and address in your opt-out request , in order to allow us to process your request .
Note that we may retain changed or deleted information in our archives .
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy or on this website , only Hearst Rodale and its affiliate companies collect Personal Data through the services provided solely by Hearst Rodale ; this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our services .
When you click on advertisements or links on Hearst Rodale sites , you will leave that site and go to another site .
During this process , a third party ( including a third party advertising service that may provide services to an advertiser ) may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you , such as the URL you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your IP address .
Our display of advertisements or links to any other company or site is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such company or site ( or the contents of the site ) .
We have no control over , we do not review , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to , these other companies , sites , or content , or to any collection of data after you click on an advertisement of or link to a third party .
Your Personal Data may be processed both in and outside of your own country .
When you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated you agree to the data being transferred to the UK and processed under the terms of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive )
Regulations 2003 which stem from European Directives 95/46/EC and 2002/58/EC respectively .
If you are not in agreement please do not add your personal details on any of our sites .
We may need to transfer your data outside the UK ( and possibly to places outside the European Economic Area ) and by using Hearst Rodale sites you consent to us transferring any such data in this way .
However any company outside the EEA to whom we transfer data is contractually bound to protect your personal data .
Hearst Rodale and affiliates are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access , use , or disclosure .
On most of our sites , Hearst Rodale enables the use of Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology and Verisign Site ID , the industry leaders in providing secure communication over the Internet .
We also offer industry-standard secured-server transactions that encrypt your Personal Data when collecting your credit card information for online purchases .
To verify that you have a secure server connection , look for the locked padlock symbol at the bottom of your browser window or the HTTPS-prefix in the URL .
Hearst Rodale has implemented other industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data .
We store Personal Data behind a computer firewall , a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers .
We may also require you to enter a password to access your account information .
In addition , Hearst Rodale protects your Personal Data from unauthorised physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility .
Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , Hearst Rodale limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons ( including employees and contractors ) in Hearst Rodale 's organisation who have a business need for such access and those persons are under contract to keep your data secure .
Even though Hearst Rodale has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted , accessed , used , or disclosed by unauthorised persons , you should know that Hearst Rodale can not eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data .
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
If you wish to see the information we hold about you , please contact us in writing : The Data Protection Compliance Officer Hearst Rodale UK Limited 72 Broadwick Street , London , W1F
We are entitled by law to charge a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
We are also legally obliged to request you to provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data .
Hearst Rodale welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy .
Please e-mail us at : dp @ hearst.co.uk .
If you believe that Hearst Rodale has not adhered to this Privacy Policy , please contact us by e-mail at : dp @ hearst.co.uk .
We will do our best to address your concerns .
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely , we invite you to let us know for further investigation .
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your Personal Data , we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us , by writing to your last known postal address and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our sites .
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our services .
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail and postal address .
In the event that the last e-mail or postal address that you have provided us is not valid , or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our despatch of the e-mail or letter containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data , you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us .
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting the United States Patent and Trademark Office website and reviewing our privacy policy .
Our privacy policy is simple : we collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Submitting personal information is voluntary .
When you voluntarily submit information , it constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the purpose
( s ) stated at the time of collection .
See the Privacy Act of 1974 ( P.L. 93-579 ) for more information on your rights under the Privacy Act .
Except for the purposes described below , no other attempts are made to identify individual users while on the USPTO websites .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :  The USPTO Web servers automatically collect and save the default information customarily logged by Web server software .
Specifically , the date and time , the originating IP address , the object requested , and the completion status of the request is collected and saved for each http request received by the server .
We also use an authorized Google Analytics agent to collect comparable information on our behalf .
On a monthly or more frequent basis , we review this information to determine the traffic through the servers in hits , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages of interest .
We may also analyze accesses to particular pages to determine U.S. versus non-U.S. use , government agency versus private use , and other statistics that may be of value to us in establishing priorities and allocating resources in order to better accomplish our dissemination mission .
Analysis of this information may also help identify problem areas of the website or to improve overall service .
Information is retained as long as necessary to perform useful analysis .
For site security purposes and to ensure that USPTO Web services remain available to all users , USPTO monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C .
Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations .
The Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies defines conditions under which Federal agencies may use session and persistent cookies , and categorizes them in tiers to identify their characteristics .
You may control permissions for cookies on this or any other website by adjusting your individual browser settings for customized privacy protection see http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml for helpful guidance .
Session cookies Session cookies are also known as memory-resident cookies .
These cookies are not stored on your computer 's hard drive , and are removed when you complete your session or exit the site .
We use session cookies for some applications to improve their usability and ensure session integrity .
No personal information is gathered .
USPTO sites and applications that use Tier 1 session cookies include the subscription center and the customer satisfaction survey .
Our site-wide search is conducted through USA.gov , an external site , which also uses a session cookie .
Persistent cookies Persistent cookies remain on your computer 's hard drive after you complete an activity .
On www.uspto.gov , we use Tier 2 persistent cookies to help us recognize new and returning visitors , but no personally-identifiable information is gathered .
If you block a persistent cookie , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any way .
We use persistent cookies in association with an authorized customer satisfaction survey conducted by a third party , ForeSee ResultsTM .
If you are randomly selected to participate in this survey , a persistent cookie is stored on your computer 's hard drive for 90 days to preclude a new invitation during that time .
We also use persistent cookies to enable the Google Analytics program to measure how new and returning visitors use the USPTO website over time .
E-mail submitted to USPTO is saved in accordance to Department of Commerce policy and NARA guidelines .
If you choose to provide us with personal information in e-mail , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested .
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you .
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law .
Moreover , we do not store any personal information independent of the e-mail message , create individual profiles with the information you provide , or give it to any private organizations .
We do not collect information for commercial marketing .
The USPTO may offer the use of third-party e-mail services as a convenience .
If you choose to use such a service , information about you may be independently collected by the third party .
USPTO will clearly note this distinction wherever the service is offered on its website and remind you that your participation is voluntary .
If you choose to submit a blog comment , only personal information that you voluntarily provide as part of the comment will be revealed .
All comments are moderated , and only those that comply with USPTO policy will be publicly posted .
The USPTO will not edit or alter individual comments .
If you simply visit a blog page , your visit will be recorded for statistical purposes , as for other areas of the website .
While visiting www.uspto.gov , you may be asked to participate in a survey conducted by an authorized third party , ForeSee ResultsTM .
This randomized survey is based on the American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) and your participation is voluntary .
No personal information is collected unless you choose to provide it as part of a comment or to complete the survey .
Survey data is retained as long as needed to permit accurate analysis , produce summary reports , and monitor overall trends .
If you choose not to participate in the survey , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any other way .
If you wish to provide feedback without taking the survey , you may send e-mail directly to webmaster @
If you have an immediate concern , please refer to the Contact Us page on the USPTO website .
See additional notes under Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies , above .
We are especially concerned about protecting the privacy of children .
We hope parents and teachers are involved in children 's Internet explorations .
We respect the need to protect the identity of any children who participate in an Internet exhibition of their work .
We do not request any information from children on the Kids Pages .
We do , however , sometimes encourage them to participate in contests , but such participation is carried out through postal mail .
Our Web pages may contain links to websites outside the USPTO , including those of other federal agencies , international sites , and private organizations .
In some cases , USPTO may have an official presence on an external site that we 've engaged to serve a specific function .
Be aware that whenever you follow a link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site .
Where a USPTO website requests information that will be stored in a Privacy Act system of records , an individual Privacy Act Statement is provided .
Should there ever be a need to use information for a purpose other than one already provided for under the Privacy Act , we will give you specific instructions on how you may consent to such use .
You are never required to give such consent .
Information stored in any Privacy Act System of Records is handled as set forth in the applicable System of Records Notice in order to preserve its security and confidentiality .
Privacy Act System of Records notices are available at : http : //www.gpoaccess.gov/privacyact/index.html .
Access the USPTO Systems of Records Notices .
OMB Circular A-11 , Exhibit 300
Privacy Impact Assessments Protect Yourself Against Identity Theft !
When filing documentation in support of applications or petitions , please take steps to protect all personal information . "
Personal information " includes social security , credit card , and bank account numbers .
To support a petition or application , the USPTO never requires this type of personal data within the body of the petition or application .
To protect your privacy , you should delete such information from any documentation that you send to the Office except when submitting the USPTO Credit Card Payment Form ( PTO-2038 ) .
If using a USPTO electronic form where a fee is required , take care to enter the payment information ( such as a credit card number ) only in the specific secure payment portion of the form .
Patent and trademark public data is available directly through the USPTO website , including in bulk format .
As public data , it may be disseminated from other websites as well .
All patent application files are published and made available to the public 18 months from the filing date , unless the application includes a non-publication request .
( See MPEP Sections 724 .
02-724.06 for details on making a non-publication request. )  
Also , all patent application files will become available to the public upon the grant of the patent .
For patents , if you have questions about what information may be published and how to remove the material from documents you plan to submit to the USPTO , please call the Inventors Assistance Center at 1-800-786-9199 or 571-272-1000 .
Trademark applications are available to the public within a week of their submission .
For questions about public information on Trademark applications , please refer to the filing instructions or contact the Trademark Assistance Center at 1-800-786-9199 or via e-mail at TrademarkAssistanceCenter @
[ Change History ]  12/7/2010 - updated information concerning persistent cookies , external sites , and surveys .
2/9/2011 - added information related to the use of Google Analytics and external sites .
Your privacy on NHS Choices Personal data collected Navigation data IP address and the website you came from Personal information Includes your first name , last name , email address , postcode and other personal information you provide .
Use of personal data Analytics Uses navigation data in services provided by NHS Choices and third parties .
For more information see our cookies policy .
Advertising Some health campaigns are supplied with advertising data .
Personalisation Uses navigation data and personal information to enable us , and third parties to tailor the services provided to you .
Data sharing We will never share personal information with any third parties without your consent .
Navigation data is shared with trusted third parties providing analytics or advertising .
The Department of Health is the Data Controller for NHS Choices under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We will process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act .
The purpose of the privacy policy is to inform you as a user of NHS Choices about what information we collect when you visit the service , how we use the information , whether the information is disclosed and the ways in which we protect users ' privacy .
We want you to feel secure when using the website and associated services .
We are committed to respecting your privacy .
Below we give an overview of how we do that .
We analyse information to see what is most effective about our website and associated services to help us identify ways to improve it and to make it more effective .
We may also use information for other purposes , which we would describe to you at the point when we collect the information .
We collect information indirectly and directly .
When you use NHS Choices ( www.nhs.uk ) , we use technology to collect information indirectly - such as your internet address .
This is commonplace across all internet services to enable the investigation of issues such as malicious use .
This information is then kept in our internet access logs .
We collect information directly from you in a number of ways .
One way is by using cookies .
Cookies are small files of information that save and retrieve information about your visit to our site , such as how you entered our site , how you navigated through the site and what information was of interest to you .
This information is collected for a number of reasons , for example , to help develop the website and associated services .
The cookies we use identify you merely as a number .
If you are uncomfortable about the use of cookies , you can disable them by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your internet browser .
However , disabling cookies may affect our ability to provide services to you ; if certain cookies are disabled you may not be able to access the service .
See our Cookies policy for more information on the cookies we use .
We also collect information when you give it to us .
For example , you may register to use the message-posting facility called ' Patient feedback ' .
When we collect this type of information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used .
It is completely up to you whether you provide it , but not providing information may affect our ability to provide services to you .
The social media bookmarking sites that NHS Choices links to are third-party sites and NHS Choices does control the way these sites use your information .
If you choose to access these sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you that may be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
You should read their privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any information that is collected by these services when you use them .
Videos from NHS Choices - whether viewed on the website , in emails or embedded in third-party sites - are supplied ( streamed ) to users by a third-party company , Brightcove .
A product called TubeMogul is used by Brightcove to compile statistics for NHS Choices , such as what videos have been watched and when ; it uses an anonymous tracking cookie and stores no personal data .
For more information , see the Brightcove privacy policy and the TubeMogul privacy policy .
Use of NHS Choices tools on third-party sites will be tracked .
No personal data is collected by the tools .
Information gathered by NHS Choices includes the user 's IP address , the web page a tool is accessed from , and how many times it is accessed .
In some cases , tracking is used to show user journeys through a tool .
This information is the sole property of NHS Choices and will not be shared with third parties .
All NHS Choices tools store the number of times a user has visited the tool .
Some tools also store state ' information so that when a user returns to a tool it is in the state ' they left it in .
Information submitted as a part of NHS Choices content held on Twitter and Facebook will be subject to their privacy policies .
For more information , see the Twitter privacy policy and the Facebook privacy policy We will hold the information for as long as we are providing you services .
If you do not access the services provided by NHS Choices , for instance , open or click through one of the emails for more than a year , we will send you an email asking you to confirm that you wish to continue receiving NHS Choices emails .
If you do not respond to this email within one month we will unsubscribe you .
We will remove all personal information we hold relating to you , which you registered with us , within six months of you unsubscribing from NHS Choices .
We hold this information for a further six months following unsubscription , as we may need to use it for statistical analysis or if you choose to resubscribe .
Be assured that if you unsubscribe you will not receive further information from us .
As a government department , we do not share data with other organisations unless the law permits us to do so .
We do not sell individuals ' information .
We will share it only with our authorised Data Processors , who must act at all times on our instructions as the Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Before you submit any information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is up to you whether you provide it .
You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and , if we do , to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate .
You can do this by contacting the Data Protection Officer , Department of Health , Skipton House , 80 London Road , London , SE1 6LH .
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on our service .
The open nature of the internet means that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended .
Our intention is that this should not happen and we take measures to ensure that it does not .
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents
How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies
Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting
Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy
Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information
For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand
This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada .
Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice .
Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information .
We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services .
For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines .
At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number .
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information .
back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest .
We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request .
They may contact you with special offers of possible interest .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account .
If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us .
You hereby consent to this .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request .
Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc .
We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf .
Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit .
To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person .
Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data .
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses .
back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  
As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here .
To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information .
You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information .
Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties .
By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties .
Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information .
Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements .
This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) .
For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page .
To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device .
Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services .
Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information .
We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered .
If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions .
Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device .
Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way .
Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings .
For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html .
HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities .
This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users .
Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past .
Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses .
A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above .
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf .
These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information .
We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content .
back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect .
No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen .
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates .
We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records .
By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) .
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information .
Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction :
( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity .
Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements .
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws .
Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity .
Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above .
The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children .
For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested .
This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc .
The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc .
Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 .
Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1 , 2013 Introduction Collection of Information Use and Disclosure Security User Access and Control Other Important Information Contact Us Fox News Network , LLC
( " Fox News " or " we " ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , and widgets ( collectively , the " Fox News Services " ) .
By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
