Thank you for visiting NetDoctor .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our policy within this area .
If you do not agree to the terms in this Policy , we kindly ask you to leave the site .
NetDoctor 's site provides a number of services such as news , Ask the Doctor , online discussion forums , communities ( such as Smoking and Depression , containing special in-depth information ) , health-related programmes , voting polls , etc .
For some services , NetDoctor may require your e-mail address or other personal information such as your name , age , sex , health information , various habits and information for your profile .
Providing us with this personal and identifiable information is , of course , optional .
However , in some cases it may not be possible for us to provide the service in question without receiving specific information from you .
NetDoctor will use the information received to provide NetDoctor 's services and to improve the content of the site .
In order to provide the services , your personal data may in some situations be seen by third parties , such as doctors or operations and maintenance contractors repairing and maintaining NetDoctor 's technical systems .
Also , NetDoctor syndicates content from its site to its partners .
As a consequence , any information that can be seen on NetDoctor 's site may also be found on our partners ' sites , such as the discussion forums and Ask the Doctor services etc .
NetDoctor may further use the aggregate information to study statistical results and produce summary reports .
Such reports may be shared with NetDoctor 's partners and advertisers , but the reports will not disclose personally identifiable information .
Except from that stated above , NetDoctor will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information without your permission except under special circumstances , for instance if NetDoctor in good faith believes that the law requires disclosure .
Any information collected by NetDoctor will be treated confidentially .
Please remember that any information you reveal , including personally identifiable information in a public forum such as in a discussion forum or a chat , is not subject to this Privacy Policy and can be seen by third parties unrelated to NetDoctor .
It is therefore important that you carefully consider what information you disclose in these areas .
NetDoctor stores information only as long as it is necessary .
If your personal information changes ( such as your address ) or you no longer want to use one of our services to which you have subscribed , we will provide a way to correct , update , delete or remove your personal data .
This can usually be done by you at the member information page or by e-mailing our site administrator .
Information from our discussion forums , chats and services such as Ask the Doctor is stored in archives since it is considered useful to future users .
As a global company NetDoctor has many national sites and users all over the world .
When you provide NetDoctor with personal information , that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country where you originally entered the information .
In addition , that information may be used , stored and processed outside of the country where you entered the information .
Whenever NetDoctor handles personal information , regardless of where this occurs , NetDoctor takes every precaution to ensure that your information is treated securely , for instance by encrypting the information with SSL and by storing the information in a secure environment .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , NetDoctor can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to NetDoctor , and you do so at your own risk .
To give our users the best experience with our sites , a number of our web pages use cookies .
Cookies are small text files that we place on your computer to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering at one of our sites .
However , once you choose to provide the site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site-usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalise your experience at our web pages ( eg to recognise you by name when you return to our site ) and to save your password in password-protected areas .
Nielsen//NetRatings , an independent measurement and research company , gathers non-personal data regarding the visitors to our site on our behalf using cookies and code which is embedded in the site .
Both the cookies and the embedded code provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site , the duration of individual page view , paths taken by visitors through the site , data on visitors ' screen settings and other general information .
NetDoctor uses this type of information , as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site , to help it improve the services to its users .
If you wish to reject Nielsen//NetRating 's cookie , you can use the process set out below under ' How to find and control your cookies ' .
To disable the embedded code , you will need to send requests directly to webprivacy @
Further information regarding Nielsen//NetRating 's privacy statement can be found at http : //www.netratings.com/privacy.jsp ?
If you 're using Netscape 6.0 On your Task Bar , click Edit , then Preferences Click on Advanced Click on Cookies
If you 're using Internet Explorer 6.0 Choose Tools , then Internet Options Click the Privacy Tab Click on Custom Level Click on the ' Advanced ' button
Check the ' override automatic cookie handing ' box and select Accept , Block or Prompt for action as appropriate .
If you 're using Internet Explorer 5.0 or 5.5 Choose Tools , then Internet Options Click the Security tab Click on Custom Level Scroll down to the sixth option to see how cookies are handled by Internet Explorer 5 and change to Accept , Disable , or Prompt for action as appropriate .
If you 're using Internet Explorer 4.0 Choose View , then Internet Options Click the Advanced tab Scroll down to the yellow exclamation icon under Security and choose one of the three options to regulate your use of cookies .
If you 're using Internet Explorer 3.0
You can View , Options , Advanced , then click on the button that says Warn before Accepting Cookies .
If you 're using Netscape Communicator 4.0 On your Task Bar , click Edit , then Preferences Click on Advanced Set your options in the box that says Cookies .
NetDoctor 's websites contain links to other sites .
Please observe that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website collecting personally identifiable information .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our website
so our users may always know what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We will use the information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected .
Last updated 01.03.2005 Read more : http : //www.netdoctor.co.uk/privacy.htm#
NetDoctor on Twitter | NetDoctorUK on Facebook ZocDoc , Inc. ( us , we , or ZocDoc ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers , visitors , and other users of ZocDoc.com ( the Site ) and services provided by ZocDoc through the Site ( collectively , the Services ) .
We created this Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Services , and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy .
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to our Site and information obtained by us from any of our marketing affiliates , and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site or any website of ZocDoc 's business partners , each of which may have data collection , storage , and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy .
Your use of the Services is governed by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
BY USING THE SITE , SERVICES , AND/OR BY REGISTERING WITH US , YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY , AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT THAT WE WILL TRACK , COLLECT , USE , AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS .
IF YOU ARE REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT OR USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY OTHER THAN YOURSELF
, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY
TO ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON
SUCH INDIVIDUAL 'S OR ENTITY 'S BEHALF .
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site : ( 1 ) IP addresses ; ( 2 ) domain servers ; ( 3 ) types of computers accessing the Site ; ( 4 ) types of web browsers used to access the Site ; ( 5 ) referring source which may have sent you to the Site ; and ( 6 ) other information associated with the interaction of your browser and the Site ( collectively Traffic Data ) .
In order for you to access certain areas of the Site or certain Services where it is important for us to know who you are so that we can best meet your needs , we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ( Personal Information ) .
Personal Information includes the following categories of information : ( 1 ) contact data ( such as your e-mail address , phone number and ZocDoc password ) ; ( 2 ) demographic data ( such as your gender , your date of birth and your zip code ) ; ( 3 ) insurance data ( such as your insurance carrier and insurance plan ) ; and ( 4 ) medical data ( such as the previous doctors , dentists or other health care providers ( Providers ) you visited , your reason for visiting Providers , your date of visiting Providers , your medical history , and other medical and health information you choose to share with us ) .
If you communicate with us by , for example , e-mail or letter , any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information .
We also collect other information , some of which may be Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to use some of the Services ' interactive tools and services ( Interactive Tools ) , such as searching for Providers , searching for available appointments with Providers , and completing medical history forms ( " Medical History Forms " ) prior to Provider appointments .
We also collect information you provide voluntarily in free-form text boxes on the Site and through responses to surveys , questionnaires and the like .
Some of the free Interactive Tools on our Site ask you for health-related Personal Information .
You may elect to use certain Services available through the Site that require you to download and install software on your computer ( Installed Tools ) .
The Installed Tools may collect and transmit information from your computer system solely relating to use of the Installed Tools and for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services , for example , by informing ZocDoc when a user is logged on and available to receive update or alert notices .
We may use small computer files that are transferred to your computer 's hard drive that contain information such as user ID , user preferences , lists of pages visited and activities conducted while browsing the Site ( Cookies ) to help us improve our Site by tracking your navigation habits and to store some of your preferences .
Generally , we use Cookies to customize your experience on our Site and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site .
Cookies do not allow our site to gain access to other information on your computer .
At your option , expense and responsibility , you may block Cookies or delete Cookies from your hard drive .
However , by disabling Cookies , you may not have access to the entire set of features of the Site .
In addition , our business partners may use Cookies to provide us with anonymous data and information regarding the use of our Services .
Specifically , some of our business partners use Cookies to show ZocDoc ads on other sites on the internet as a result of you using the Services .
Such Cookies do not contain any Personal Information .
You may opt out of receiving Cookies placed by such third party vendors by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page .
Other Cookies used by our business partners may collect other non-personally identifying information , such as the computer 's IP address , type of operating system , type of internet browsing software , what web pages were viewed at what time , the geographic location of your internet service provider and demographic information , such as gender and age range .
This information is used to provide ZocDoc with more information about our users ' demographics and internet behaviors .
We do not link the information stored in these Cookies directly to any of your Personal Information
you submit while on the Site .
In limited circumstances we also may use tiny graphic image files imbedded in a web page or email that provide a presence on the web page or email and send back to its home server information from the user 's browser ( Web Beacons ) to collect anonymous , non-personal information about your use of our Services and the sites of selected sponsors and advertisers , and your use of emails , special promotions or newsletters we send to you .
The information collected by Web Beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Services and selected sponsors ' and advertisers ' sites , or opening our emails , and for what purposes .
We may use third party website analytics services in connection with the Services , for example , to record mouse clicks , mouse movements , scrolling activity , as well as any text that you type into the Site .
These website analytics services do not collect Personal Information that you do not voluntarily enter into the Site .
These services do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use their services .
We use the information collected from these services to find usability problems to make the Services easier to use .
The recordings will never identify you or your account ; they only record anonymous user information .
We store all Traffic Data and review postings indefinitely , even after deletion , and may archive such information elsewhere .
We store all Personal Information until you request that we modify or delete it , in which case we may still retain certain Personal Information for the reasons described in Section 20 below .
ZocDoc does not collect information from children under the age of 13 in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) as discussed below .
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor child , you may , in compliance with the Terms of Use , use the Services on behalf of such minor child .
Any information that you provide us while using the Services on behalf of your minor child will be treated as Personal Information as otherwise provided herein .
COPPA severely restricts what information can be collected from children under the age of 13 .
For this reason , children under the age of 13 in the United States are prohibited from using the Services .
The Services are not directed at children , and ZocDoc does not knowingly collect any information from individuals under the age of 13 .
If we learn that we have received any information from an individual under the age of 13 , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child ( or a parent or legal guardian ) to inform him or her that he or she can not use the Services and subsequently we will delete that information from our own servers .
We may use your Personal Information to recommend certain resources or Providers .
We may use your contact data to send you information about ZocDoc or our products or Services , to contact you when necessary , including to remind you of upcoming or follow-up appointments , and in conjunction with your use of certain Interactive Tools .
We may use your demographic data , Traffic Data , insurance data or medical data to customize and tailor your experience through the Services , in emails and in other communications , displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences .
Use of the Services may require ZocDoc to use your Personal Information to allow your Providers to refer you to , and make appointments with , other Providers on your behalf .
We may also use your anonymized Personal Information to run ( or authorize third parties to run ) statistical research on individual or aggregate health or medical trends .
Such research would only use your Personal Information in an anonymous manner that can not be tied directly back to you .
We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy , including as described below : You may choose to authorize ZocDoc to share your Personal Information with selected Providers .
For example , if you elect to complete a Medical History Form using the Services in advance of an appointment , we may share your Medical History Form with your Providers if you agree that we may do so .
We may share your contact data , Traffic Data , demographic data , insurance data and medical data with Providers
you choose to schedule through the Services .
In order to customize your advertising interactions , we may share Personal Information with marketing affiliates and other third parties only on an aggregate ( i.e. , anonymized ) basis .
We may share your anonymized Personal Information with third parties to enable them to run statistical research on individual or aggregate health or medical trends .
We share Personal Information and Traffic Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services ( such as hosting , billing , fulfillment , or data storage and security ) related to our operation of the Services
and/or by making certain Interactive Tools available to our users .
Those business partners shall be bound to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy , and they will only use your contact data and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to ZocDoc and to provide your requested medical care and services .
We may share your contact data with our subcontractors to enable them to send you ZocDoc promotional materials .
These subcontractors will only use your contact data to send you ZocDoc promotional materials .
We may share certain marketing metrics including , but not limited to , anonymized Personal Information and non-personal Information , with our business partners to help determine the effectiveness of certain advertising campaigns .
We may transfer information about you to another company in connection with a merger , sale or acquisition by or of ZocDoc .
In this event , we will use reasonable efforts to notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
ZocDoc does not share , sell , rent or trade your Personal Information with any third parties for their promotional purposes .
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information .
In such an event , you can still access and use some of the Services ; however you will not be able to access and use certain key features of the Services that require your Personal Information .
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties , unless we believe in good faith that disclosure of your Personal Information or any other information we collect about you is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with a court order or other legal process ; ( 2 ) protect the rights , property or safety of ZocDoc or another party ; ( 3 ) enforce our Terms of Use ; or ( 4 ) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties .
Doctors , dentists , their employees , and their agents should be particularly aware of their obligations of patient confidentiality , including without limitation their obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) , both in communicating with ZocDoc and in responding to a review of their services posted on our Site .
ZocDoc does not have , and will not accept , any obligations of confidentiality with respect to any communications other than those expressly stated in this Privacy Policy and ZocDoc 's Terms of Use .
Any information that you may reveal in a review posting or other online discussion or forum is intentionally open to the public and is not in any way private .
You should think carefully before disclosing any personally identifiable information in any public forum .
What you have written may be seen and/or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
For example , when you enter sensitive information on our Site , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
Although we make good faith efforts to store Personal Information in a secure operating environment that is not open to the public , you should understand that there is no such thing as complete security , and we do not guarantee that there will be no unintended disclosures of your Personal Information .
If we become aware that your Personal Information has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy , we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the nature and extent of the disclosure ( to the extent we know that information ) as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted by law .
You must promptly notify us if your contact data is lost , stolen , or used without permission .
In such an event , we will remove that contact data from your account and update our records accordingly .
We reserve the right , at any time , to add to , change , update , or modify this Privacy Policy so please review it frequently .
If we do , then we will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Site ; we may also attempt to notify you in some other way .
In all cases , use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected .
As a registered user of the Services , you can modify some of the Personal Information you have included in your profile or change your username by logging in and accessing your account .
Upon your request , ZocDoc will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your account and the Personal Information in your profile ; however , it may be impossible to remove your account without some residual information being retained by ZocDoc .
ZocDoc has no obligation to delete any data or information you provide on a Medical History Form following termination of your account or the account of any Provider to whom your Medical History Form was submitted through the Services .
Registered users who wish to close their account should email : privacy @
The Site contains links to third party websites to which ZocDoc has no affiliation .
ZocDoc does not share your Personal Information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices .
Some websites may have the look and feel of our Site .
Please be aware that you may be on a different site and that this Privacy Policy only covers our Site .
A link to a non-ZocDoc website does not constitute or imply endorsement by ZocDoc .
Additionally , we can not guarantee the quality or accuracy of information presented on non-ZocDoc websites .
Should you decide to visit one of these third party websites , we suggest that you read its privacy policy .
If you have any comments , concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @
zocdoc.com or ZocDoc , Inc.
568 Broadway 9th Floor New York , NY 10012 Phone :
( 855 ) 962-3621 Fax : ( 800 ) 701-9607
Last Updated on October 3 , 2012 .
Copyright 2007-2013 ZocDoc , Inc .
Meredith Online Privacy Policy Effective Date : October 1 , 2013 Online Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights Offline Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Online Privacy Policy Welcome !
This Online Privacy Policy applies to your use of websites , interactive services and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Corporation or our affiliates ( collectively , " Meredith , " " we " or " us " ) and that display an authorized link to this policy ( collectively , the " Services " ) .
This Online Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect online through the Services .
Please click here to see our separate Offline Privacy Policy .
By using any of our Services , you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services .
Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services .
This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding :  Children under 13 Sites to Which
Information Collected Through Our Services
How to Correct or Update
We May Obtain from Other Sources Security , Retention and Storage of Information
How We Use the Information
We Collect Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices
If you have questions about this Online Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @
meredith.com Return to top Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves ( such as their names , email addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience , and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones .
If you 're under 13 , please do not register for any of our Services or provide us with any personally identifying information ( such as your name , email address or phone number ) .
Return to top The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information you voluntarily supply to us when you register , initiate transactions or communicate with us or others through the Services , and ( 2 ) information collected automatically as you use our Services .
Third-party providers and advertisers featured on , or linked to from , our Services may also gather information through processes that we do n't control and subject to their own separate privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
You may register to use certain features of our Services .
When you register , we may collect personally identifying information , including your name , postal address , email address , user name and password , reminder questions and answers and communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive .
We may also ask for information about age , gender , hobbies , interests and the like , but you 're free to register for most of our Services without providing this additional information .
When you register for one of our Services , the information you provide may be added to a centralized Meredith database so that you may be simultaneously registered for our other Services as well .
In addition , when you use various aspects of our Services , we may ask you for personally identifying information , including when you order products , complete a survey , enter a contest , or report a problem with our Services .
We and our authorized third-party service providers use this information to process orders , tailor our Services to your interests or otherwise improve our Services .
We may also collect contact information for other individuals when you use the sharing tools available within some of our Services to forward content or offers to your friends and associates .
We use this information to facilitate the communications that you request .
Please note that if you use any " send-to-a-friend " features of our Services , your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend .
Contests and Other Promotions .
From time to time , we may offer contests , sweepstakes or other promotions .
Participation in these promotions may require registration for our Services ( see Registration and Other
Personally Identifying Information , above ) .
If you participate in these promotions , we collect contact information such as your name , address , and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials .
We do n't control these third parties ' privacy practices , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information .
We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion , such as winner selection and prize fulfillment , and as permitted by the promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners ' list .
Automatically When You Use Our Services .
Meredith or third-party contractors we engage may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services , including :  Your browser type , language , plug-ins , Internet domain and operating system ; Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online ) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ; The site you visited before visiting a Meredith website and the site you visited after visiting a Meredith website ; Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services ; Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ; Information collected through cookies , web beacons and other tracking technologies ( see additional descriptions of these terms below ) ; Information about your interactions with our video content , such as the type of content viewed on our Services ; Information about your interactions with our email messages , such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message ; the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails ; and standard server log information .
Personalization and Tracking Technologies .
Like most website and mobile application operators , we , or third parties acting on our behalf , use embedded scripts , " cookies , " web beacons and other similar technologies to operate our Services .
Cookies are small amounts of data ( often containing a unique identifier ) that are stored in separate files within your computer 's Internet browser .
Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit , and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on websites , so they can recognize the same browser navigating online .
We use cookies for the following general purposes :  To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services .
For example , if you register for a Meredith Service , we may save your username and password , so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit .
To help control the display of advertisements and customize the content and advertisements you see while using our Services and sometimes while visiting other websites online .
To help us measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and to improve the quality and effectiveness of our content , features , advertisements , and other communications .
Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertisements that you see while using our Services and other websites also may place cookies within your browser .
We do not have access to these cookies and do not control how they may be used .
You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies , or to notify you when a cookie is set .
( Each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. )  
It is up to you whether to allow us or third parties to send you or to set cookies , but if you block cookies , you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services .
Please be aware that certain browsers can not block or delete so-called " Flash " cookies , which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer .
For information about how to delete Flash cookies , please visit the Adobe website here .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies .
We and our service providers and other third-party companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and/or while visiting other unaffiliated websites may also use scripts , web beacons and/or similar technologies , to collect information about your use of our Services .
Web beacons ( sometimes called " transparent GIFs , " " clear GIFs , " or " pixel tags " ) embed a small graphic image ( usually invisible ) on a web page or in an email .
When your browser downloads a web beacon , the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set , the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page .
We use web beacons to improve your experience using our Services , including by providing you with content , advertising and offers customized to your interests , and to understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages .
Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information .
Certain mobile devices , including smart phones and tablet devices , contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location .
Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data ( which may include a phone number ) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message .
When you use mobile devices to access our Services , we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data , information about your wireless carrier , the make , model and operating system of your device and information about how you navigate within our Service .
With your consent , we also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or WiFi triangulation to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device .
We use this information to provide you the content and services
, tell you about offers we think you will value , and improve your experience using our mobile applications and other Services .
Information Collected in Connection With Ad Serving , Targeting and Analytics .
We and our service providers may use information collected when you use our Services to serve interest-based advertisements on our Services and on other third-party websites that participate in advertising networks that we operate .
The data collection for our networks currently is managed by our service provider , Collective .
Meredith follows the Self Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising released by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( " DAA " ) in July 2009 .
To learn more about the Principles and to opt-out of interest-based advertising on the third-party sites in our networks , visit http : //www.aboutads.info/ .
You can also easily opt-out of these targeted ads by clicking on the AdChoices icon located in the footer of our web sites .
We also may work with other third-party advertising companies and data providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on our Services and on other websites , to send emails on our behalf , and to provide related analytics , forecasting , optimization and audience segmentation services .
These companies may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect navigation information from our users that they may use , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements tailored to match perceived user interests and/or for other purposes .
To enable you to receive customized ads , content or services , some of these companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser that reflects de-identified demographic data or other information about you that they obtained from third-party data suppliers .
To enable these cookies , we may share with these companies your email address or other registration information in an encrypted format ( i.e. hashed non-human readable form ) solely for the purpose of matching you to a relevant demographic profile .
No personally identifying data will be captured or used in the cookies .
To opt out of these cookies , please click on the AdChoices icon located in the footer of our web sites or you can go to http :
Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with , including DoubleClick and Google , are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) and/or the DAA ) .
To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI and DAA members and your related opt-out choices , please visit the NAI 's website here , or the DAA 's website ( and opt-out mechanism ) at http : //www.aboutads.info/ .
We also engage Omniture , a third party , to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users .
For information about Omniture 's information collection practices and related opt-out choices , click here .
Many of our advertisers also engage other third-party vendors to help them deliver advertisements tailored to your interests , and evaluate and improve the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns .
We do not have access to the information these third parties may collect and this Policy does not cover their information practices .
You can opt out of the use of cookies by many of these third-party vendors to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/ .
Social Network Posting Tools and " Share " Features .
You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties , including a " share " button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages .
When you use one of these sharing tools , the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser , device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy , which may differ from ours .
The " Share " button functionality available within many of our Services is provided by Gigya , Inc. and its privacy policy is available here .
Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings Service .
Some of our advertisers may participate in a program operated by the Nielsen Company to develop an Online Campaign Ratings service that is comparable to Nielsen 's television ratings .
When one of their ads appears on our Services , it may contain a web beacon that will record your exposure to the ad , read certain cookies on your browser , and forward this information to one or more operators of third-party websites or other online service on which you may have registered .
If the third-party operator recognizes a cookie that identifies you as one of its registered users , it will append the impression data it receives , which may identify you as a user our Services , with age and gender information before returning the data to Nielsen .
Nielsen aggregates the data it receives about a given campaign to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers .
According to Nielsen , these reports measure campaign performance on an aggregate level within various demographic categories and do not identify you personally .
For more information about Nielsen 's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices that Nielsen offers , please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy here .
We may combine the information we collect through the Services with other information that we obtain about you , your computer , and/or device from other companies and sources , including third-party data suppliers and public databases .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources :  Name , postal address , email address and telephone number ; Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ; Your interests and purchase behavior ; Publicly-visible data , such as your posts and submissions to blogs , video-sharing services , and other interactive forums ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
Return to top Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you .
Because our Services are supported by advertising , we also use the information we collect to help advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in their products and services .
We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary to complete a particular transaction , provide a requested service , enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law .
In addition , we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we collect about you to :  Analyze , operate and improve our Services , and fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters ; Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ; Provide you with special offers and promotions from companies within our corporate family , and select third parties in accordance with applicable law ; Customize the content you see when you use our Services ; Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , including advertising that you see on our Services and on third-party websites ; Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce our Visitor Agreement ; Conduct market analysis , traffic flow analysis and related reporting ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Return to top Except as otherwise expressly noted herein or within the Services , we may share any information that we collect through our Services , including without limitation , your name , postal address ( and any other information we combine with that information ) with our Meredith-affiliated companies , our provider partners and service providers , and with carefully selected third-party marketers of products and services potentially of interest to you .
To remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please use the postal list opt-out form available here " opt-out " form or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation , Opt-Out Postal , Attn : Circulation , 1716 Locust Street , Des Moines , Iowa 50309 ) .
We share our users ' email addresses with service providers that send email messages on our behalf .
These service providers may collect data about how you interact with those messages ( including information about whether and when you opened a particular message or clicked on a link within a message and the device you used to do so ) and analyze it in conjunction with similar information they collect when you respond to emails they send on behalf of their other clients who are not affiliated with us .
They use this email response information in combination with your email address to target and optimize the delivery of emails they send on our behalf and for their other clients .
To opt out of this information collection , you can unsubscribe from the related Meredith email list by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message and/ or by visiting the Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences .
( Note that using the opt-out mechanism associated with the AdChoices icon will NOT affect the collection of email response information. )  
We do not authorize our email service providers to share your email address with their other clients .
Except as described in this policy , we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes , without your consent .
If you use our Services to sign up for special email offers from third-party advertisers , we will share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected .
If you decide you no longer want to receive these emails , simply follow the advertiser 's unsubscribe link or instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive .
If you choose to subscribe to any of Meredith 's newsletters or commercial email lists , you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting our Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences .
Provider Partners and Service Providers .
To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable , we may offer some features ( such as chat rooms and email newsletters ) in conjunction with third-party providers ( " Provider Partners " ) that specialize in operating such services .
We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner .
We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , marketing , email and text message distribution , data processing , website analytics and promotions management .
We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you provided that they commit not to use the information for purposes inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
We and our service providers may combine information that we collect about you with information that we collect about other users of our Services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally .
We and our service providers may use aggregated information or other anonymous information and disclose it to third parties as we see fit .
You Post to Blogs , Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas .
Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs , discussion forums , or other community or social networking services that we offer can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
Legal Compliance , Business Transfers and Other Disclosures .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services , we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law , respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests , enforce our Visitor Agreement , or protect the rights , property or safety of users of our Services , the public , Meredith Corporation , our affiliates , or any third party .
Over time , we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services , we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase , sale , lease , merger , foreclosure , liquidation , amalgamation or any other type of acquisition , disposal , transfer , conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates .
We also may provide links to other websites or services , and provide access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control .
Return to top Meredith Corporation believes in providing you with the ability to access and edit the personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services .
To update this information , please visit the " My Account " area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information .
If you can not locate such a feature , send us an email at privacy @
We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect .
No security system is impenetrable , however .
We can not guarantee the security of our databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
Please see our Visitor Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials .
For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy , personally-identifying information may be transferred to , processed , stored and accessed by us , our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate .
Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may , in certain circumstances , be entitled to access your personally-identifying information .
By using the Services , you consent to this transfer , processing , storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside .
Return to top Digital technology is rapidly evolving .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future , we 'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated .
Unless otherwise noted , all changes will be effective when posted .
Return to top YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (
As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )  
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us , once a year and free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year .
At our option , we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
You can read these instructions above in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled " How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices. "  
Or , if you are a California resident and prefer that we send you a separate description of these opt-out choices , please email your request to privacy @
meredith.com Privacy Policy TOTAL BEAUTY MEDIA , INC.
Your privacy is important , so Total Beauty Media , Inc. has created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit the Total Beauty web site ( the " Site " ) , why we collect it , and how it is used .
The terms " you , " " your " and " yours " refer to all visitors of our Site .
The terms " Total Beauty " , " we " , " us " and " our " refer to Total Beauty Media , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates .
This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Use .
By accessing this Site and the content , information , products and services available on this Site , you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use .
We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Site .
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes , so we encourage you to visit this page often .
If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
The Information We Collect ;
We may request at times that you voluntarily supply us with personal information .
Such personal information includes any information that may be used to identify a specific individual , including , but not limited to , a first and last name , home or other physical address , an email address , phone number ( s ) and other contact information .
Generally some or all of this information is requested when you register on the Site , when you post product reviews or ratings , or when you provide information in connection with sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and samples programs .
We may request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information as well as public information such as user ratings and reviews and other information you view on the Site .
We request additional personal information , including your credit card information , billing and shipping addresses , and telephone number when you use our services to make purchases .
If you invite a friend to join Total Beauty , you will need to provide his or her name and email address .
Total Beauty will retain this information to credit your membership with referrals and track the success of our referral plan .
Some of the information Total Beauty collects is not explicitly submitted by you - Total Beauty also automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookie information , the web pages you request , your browser type and language , access times , the searches you undertake , and the referring web site address .
For instance , when you visit our Site , we may assign your computer one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our Site and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our Site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on the Site .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies , and you should be able to remove existing cookies by following your browser help file directions .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our Site .
We also may use standard other technologies , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our Site .
We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our Site users to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site .
The third-party advertising technology that we use on this Site uses information derived from your visits to this Site to target advertising within this Site and gauge the effectiveness of the advertising .
The Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology Total Beauty , its service providers , or third party advertisers or their service providers may use third-party advertising technology to customize the ads you see on our Site based on your previous online activity on this Site and other sites .
This is sometimes called " interest based advertising " or " online behavioral advertising , " and it is intended to deliver ads that are relevant to your interests and thereby enhance your online experience .
For instance , certain advertisers may place unique cookies or other electronic tools on your browser that gather non-personally identifiable information regarding your online activities on this Site and others .
This information may then be used , alone or in conjunction with other information , to make inferences about your interests , and then display to you advertisements that are tailored to your particular interests while you are on this Site or other web sites .
The collection and use of your information by our service providers , third-party advertisers or their service providers is not covered by this Privacy Policy nor is it within our control .
If you would like to learn more about interest based advertising or if you would like to opt out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this Site or other web sites , please click here
We participate in ad remarketing programs delivered currently through our vendor Google and possibly other similar networks in the future .
Our third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to the Total Beauty Site .
You may opt out of Google 's use of cookies by clicking here to learn more about Blue Kai 's business practices and privacy policies , including how to decline participation in these programs .
Generally , we may use information that we collect about you to : deliver the products , services and newsletters that you have requested ; deliver a quality shopping experience ; process your purchases and send you administrative messages regarding the process of such purchases ; manage your account and provide you with customer support ; communicate with you by e-mail about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties ; Tracking email invitations ; Tracking your purchase history ; give away product samples to users who are willing to have their personal information shared with the product manufacturers ; verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ; develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Site and other web sites ; perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our service , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ; manage our business ; enforce our terms and conditions ; and perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
Information such as your full name , profile photo and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be shown to other users primarily in conjunction with product reviews and ratings you have contributed .
In addition , we may sell or license your reviews to third parties , in which case your first name and last initial and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be shown to users of such third party web sites .
Your postings will be displayed on publicly-viewable web pages , and whenever you disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
We may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our Site or while using our services under the following circumstances .
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you the opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared ( see below Controlling Your Personal Information ) .
We may share your personal information in connection with sharing , selling or licensing your product reviews to third parties .
Your first name and last initial , profile photo , and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be transferred to such third parties and displayed on their web sites in connection with such third parties ' publication of your reviews .
We may share your information with our beauty brand partners ( Brand Partners ) in the course of your purchase of their Vouchers to help them process your redemption of their Vouchers .
Any such redemption subjects the information provided to the participating Brand Partner to its privacy policy , and NOT this Privacy Policy .
This may result in certain of our Brand Partners marketing to you directly .
We do not have any responsibility for the actions of our Brand Partners nor do we have any liability to you for their actions .
Total Beauty may share your information with third party businesses for their online marketing purposes ; but we do not disclose your personal information to any such third parties that may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so .
We may provide our postal mailing list ( consisting of names and postal mailing addresses , but not email addresses ) to trusted third party businesses whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you .
To identify products that we believe may be of interest to you , we may aggregate information you have given us ( demographic information , for example ) and information that we have collected ( such as past purchase history ) available from our records and other sources .
We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include supporting our Site functionality , supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our Site , and filling orders and customer support .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
We may disclose your personal information to strategic partners with which we undertake traffic linking arrangements or co-branded promotions .
We may disclose your personal information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
We may disclose your personal information when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our Site 's terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
We may disclose your information to subsidiaries and affiliates of Total Beauty .
We may disclose your personal information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
The personal information which you provide to us is an asset of Total Beauty and may be included in the assets transferred in the event of a substantial corporate transaction .
There are a number of places on our Site where you may click on a hyperlink to access other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information .
Those policies will govern use , handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you want to learn more about their privacy practices , we encourage you to visit the web sites of those third parties .
These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States .
Total Beauty will notify you when information about you may be provided to third parties in ways other than explained above , and you will have the option to prevent such information sharing .
Aggregated and Non-Personal Information
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Site and on third-party web sites .
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Site and the most popular areas and features of our Site .
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop content and new services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising .
We hire vendors , including Google , to undertake our remarketing program , which allows us to communicate with people who have previously visited key pages on the Total Beauty Site .
These third party vendors , may show Total Beauty ads on sites on the internet and use cookies to serve ads based on a user 's prior visits to the Total Beauty Site .
From time to time , we may use your information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward .
If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Site periodically .
We encourage you to generate and submit product reviews and ratings regarding beauty products on our Site .
Our Site also features areas where you may access other interactive features such as bulletin boards .
Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use .
In addition , such postings may appear on other web sites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
This Site contains integrations with other sites such as Facebook or Twitter , and there are a number of places on our Site where you may click on a hyperlink to access these sites and other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement on our Site , you may be taken to a web site that we do not control .
These third-party web sites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those web sites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy policies of all third-party web sites you visit by clicking on the " privacy " link typically located at the bottom of the web page you are visiting .
You may elect not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Site because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member or user ; submit product ratings and reviews ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , sweepstakes or samples give-away ; make purchases ; ask a question ; or initiate certain other transactions on our Site .
If you are a registered user of our Site , you may update your personal information simply by signing in and going to " My Account " from our home page .
You can make changes to your account information at any time .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
You may also contact us to communicate any questions or concerns .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us by logging in with your account information , clicking on the " My Account " link , then clicking on the " My Settings " link and adjusting those items of your communication settings you would like to update .
You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial e-mail that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
We may however send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You may however continue to receive email invitations from your friends and additional Total Beauty communications while Total Beauty processes your opt-out request .
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For instance , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may do so only for permitted business functions .
The Site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers .
In addition , we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information .
However , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
Most of our Site is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
You must be 18 to use certain portions of our site , for instance where ecommerce activities are accessible .
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 18 in those portions of our site .
Visiting from outside the United States
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our Site from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy .
Our goal is to respect your privacy .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy , you may contact us by email at privacy @
totalbeauty.com or by postal mail to :  Total Beauty Media , Inc. , 3420 Ocean Park Blvd , Suite 3050 Santa Monica ,
CA 90405 Attn : Privacy Officer Total Beauty welcomes your comments and questions .
If you are a resident of California , in addition to the rights set forth above , you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information :  the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year ; the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information ; and if the nature of the third party 's business can not be determined from their name , examples of the products or services marketed .
We may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you .
The designated email address for these requests is legal @
Last updated on March 15 , 2012 .
2008 - 2013 Total Beauty Media , Inc .
Interest Based Advertising Information and Opt-out Interest based advertising uses information collected by third parties across multiple web sites that you visit in order to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you .
If you would like to learn more about " interest based advertising " ( also called " online behavioral advertising " ) please click on any of the links below :  www.aboutads.info/consumers
The IAB 's Privacy Matters website
The NAI 's Learn More page
The Total Beauty web site ( the " Site " ) uses several vendors that implement interest based advertising including Google , Adroll and possibly other similar networks in the future .
The use of your information by these third parties is not subject to Total Beauty 's privacy policy .
You should click on either of the links below to inform yourself about their respective privacy policies and their information collection and use practices .
Google privacy policy Adroll Privacy policy
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site and other web sites .
If you would like to opt out of our vendors ' and other third parties ' use of cookies on your browser , please click on either of the links below .
Google opt-out Adroll opt out
Alternatively , you may click on the link below to review the third parties using cookies for interest based advertising on your browser and opt out of some or all of these third parties ' use of cookies .
Please note : If your browser is set to block third party cookies , these opt out features may not operate or display properly .
Note also that if you wish to opt out of interest based advertising :  You will need to opt out on each device and each browser that you use to access this Site .
You will no longer receive interest based ads on this Site , but you will still see the same number of ads as before , but they likely will not be as relevant to your interests .
If you delete your browser cookies , you will need to return to this page and opt out again if you wish to remain opted out from interest based advertising .
For more information regarding what information Total Beauty collects and how that information is used and shared , please click here to visit our Privacy Policy .
We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users while offering the highest quality user experience .
By using www.tonyrobbins.com ( the " Website " ) , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Because we gather certain types of information about and from you , we believe it is important that you understand our collection and use of this information .
This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , how to correct or change it , and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline .
Please read the complete Privacy Policy below , as well as our Terms of Use , and contact us if you have any questions .
You can visit our Website , read materials , and browse the Website 's contents without giving us any personally identifiable information .
In order to provide you with the most efficient and enhanced personalized service and attention , and to accommodate certain requests which you make , we request information about you in certain circumstances and collect certain information automatically .
We collect personally identifiable information that you enter on the Website or otherwise volunteer to us ( such as your name , e-mail address , credit card number , home address , phone number , and/or similar information ) , when you contact us to , among other things , make purchases or request information .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future experiences for you , improving our operations , and communicating with you .
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many web sites , we use " cookies " and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website or advertisements and other content served by us or on our behalf on other web sites .
We may also automatically collect your Internet Protocol and referring web site addresses , browser type and domain name .
This information helps facilitate your online experience on our Website .
We use " cookies " to track usage patterns on our Website and to control the display of ads , as well as to offer other functionalities .
You can turn off cookies , but that will affect your online experience .
Please see below for more detail on cookies .
We use collected information to evaluate and administer our Website , fulfill your requests , respond to any future problems , such as difficulties in navigating our Website or accessing certain features , and to gauge user trends .
As in any transaction , when you purchase products or make a donation by credit card , your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor , item ( s ) purchased , date , total cost and other information necessary to process the transaction .
We will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company without your permission .
We and our technical and fulfillment agents , partners and consultants follow carefully proscribed procedures to safeguard credit card data in connection with your transactions and adhere to certain legal requirements .
Personal information is available to us and the technical and fulfillment agents , partners and consultants who make our Website available to you .
Anonymous information is available to our affiliates , sponsors and partners .
Website hosting firms , technical and database consultants , advertising agencies , order processing partners , and other third parties may have access to personally identifiable information in the course of making our Website and its contents available .
All companies working for and with us must comply with our privacy policies , and are not permitted to sell your information to third parties or to use it except as authorized by us and you , or as permitted or required by law .
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent for the following purposes : as needed to satisfy any law , regulation or legal request ; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law ; to protect the integrity of our Website and our property ; to protect the safety of our visitors or others ; to fulfill your requests ; or to cooperate in any legal investigation .
Your web browser offers so-called " cookies " which , if you allow their use , store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a web site .
Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore can not be used to identify you personally .
However , cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best and make it easier to use our Website .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser .
Our Website is viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser .
However , if you disable cookies , some advanced and customized features or offerings will not be available to you .
You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message .
We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly ; but you may still receive promotional information from us by mail for up to 60 days due to printing and mailing schedules , and up to 10 days for e-mail .
You may also continue to receive information from those third parties to whom your information was previously disclosed .
We incorporate standard industry practices internally and with our service providers , which we believe suits the degree of sensitivity of the information involved to maintain the security of your personal information and to avoid its disclosure except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Although we have implemented systems and procedures to secure the data maintained by us , security during Internet transmissions can never be assured .
Our policy is to limit access to personal data to those employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information .
We store data on multiple service systems , in controlled environments .
To maintain security , we conduct internal reviews of our security measures on a regular basis .
Our Website and the servers that make this Website available worldwide are located in the United States .
The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to this Website .
Any information you provide in subscribing to our Website or registering or ordering at our Website will be transferred to the United States .
By visiting our Website and submitting information , you authorize this transfer , processing and use .
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address :
Robbins Research International , Inc. , 9888 Carroll Centre Road , Suite 100 , San Diego , CA 92126 .
In your request , please specify that you want a " Your California Privacy Rights Notice " .
Please allow at least 30 days for a response .
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Website to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy .
If we make material changes to this policy , or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information , we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change .
We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so , or unless we are legally required to do so , and in such a case we will e-mail registered Website visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy .
CONDITIONS OF USE , NOTICES , AND REVISIONS
If you choose to visit our Website , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of California .
If you have any concern about privacy at our Website , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it .
As our business changes , our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use may change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without the consent of affected user .
We are strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our Website .
We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13 and have adopted techniques to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( " COPPA " ) .
COPPA and its accompanying regulations under United States federal law protect the privacy of children using the Internet .
Our Website includes content that we believe to be unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored .
We encourage all parents to talk to their children about online safety and to monitor their children 's use of the Internet .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , please e-mail us at support @
Please include the URL of the Website involved in your request .
Or you can contact us by mail at :  Robbins Research International , Inc. 9888
Carroll Centre Road Suite 100 San Diego , CA 92126
Internet Privacy Policy The American Cancer Society ( ACS ) respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.cancer.org ( Web site ) .
This notice explains our online information practices .
Because your privacy is important to us , we provide you with notice and choices about the collection and use of your information .
To make this notice easy to find , links are provided at the bottom of our homepage and on every page within our Web site .
Additionally , each page that requests personally identifiable information reminds you of the importance of your privacy and provides a link to the privacy policy .
By visiting ACS at www.cancer.org , you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
You may click on any underlined word to receive a more in-depth explanation of the term .
We use cookies , small files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer 's hard drive , to improve your Web site experience .
The cookie is used to speed up your access to the Web site and the information you wish to see , but it does not contain any personal information .
The majority of Web browsers accept cookies , but the help menu on your browser should give you options for preventing , accepting , or receiving notice of new cookies .
However , please be aware that if you block cookies , some Web site functionality may be lost .
We collect two types of information : Standard Web server traffic pattern information .
General traffic , site usage , browser information and length of stay information is collected and stored in log files .
This type of information is shared externally only on an aggregated basis .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly .
If you personalize a Web site , volunteer , order a book , request information , or donate , for example , we may collect the following information : first and last name , street address , city , state , zip code , telephone number , email address , and subject of inquiry .
Personal information may be needed for certain optional online activities :  Registration : If you choose to customize the Web site to your needs by becoming a registered www.cancer.org Web user , we retain the preferences you select so that you will not have to reenter the information each time you access our Web site .
These preferences may include requests for email , news , information on specific cancer types , language preferences , and interest group selections ( patient , medical professional , volunteer ) .
You can access your profile by entering your user name and password each time you use the Web site .
You are not required , however , to enter your name or mailing address .
If you register to participate in an ACS event , such as Relay For Life or Making Strides Against Breast Cancer , using our event registration site , we may ask you if you are a cancer survivor .
This information is useful for event purposes .
Further , if you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about the event registration site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and address .
We will store this information in order to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Book orders : If you choose to order a book , we collect standard credit card information ( card number , card type , expiration date ) and keep a record of your financial transaction .
Credit card numbers are held only until the charge can be processed ( usually several minutes ) , then the number is only available to Customer Service for purposes of problem resolution .
If you choose to donate to our organization , we maintain a record of your contribution .
Your financial information will be treated as described above in Book orders .
Requests : If you submit an online request for ACS products such as free brochures , or submit a question through a contact us query , we may have to gather additional information from you to respond to your request .
Such information will vary with the request but often includes name , shipping address , telephone number , and email address .
Public Forums : If you choose to participate in a chat room , discussion board , news group or another public forum that we make available to our users , please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information .
You should exercise caution when deciding whether or not to disclose your personal information .
If you choose to generate an email to your Congressional representative on our site , we receive a blind copy of the email .
We may use your letter or information from your letter to further educate Members of Congress about our cancer advocacy priorities .
We limit the use of information provided to us on our Web site to the following :  If you do not make a service request , donation , purchase , or otherwise identify yourself , we will have no personally identifiable information about you .
We will only use aggregate information derived , in part , from your use of our site to improve our site and our service to you .
If you provide personal information , we may enter your name into our constituent database and contact you in order to : Complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes .
Supply you with information including cancer related health news , ACS programs , events and services .
Request voluntary time or monetary contributions to ACS .
Request your participation in an ACS research study .
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us by email .
Inquiries may be forwarded to the appropriate ACS department for response and may be entered into our constituent database .
If your name is entered into the database , we may contact you ( see ( 2 ) above ) .
Your health-related information is privileged and confidential and will not be shared or released to any organization or business entity other than those affiliated with or working in conjunction with ACS as follows :
We use third parties to provide you with the following services :
Cancer Profiler : Disclosure of personal information is optional when using the cancer profiler .
Additional services offered by NexCura are covered by their privacy policy and may require payment and disclosure .
Clinical Trials : If you are considering clinical trial participation and would like to use the American Cancer Society Clinical Trials Matching Service , you must register with www.cancer.org and complete a screening questionnaire .
This service is offered through a partnership between the American Cancer Society and the Coalition of Cancer Cooperative Groups .
As part of the matching process , the Society and the Coalition will share your information with each other .
If requested , the Society will then contact you to discuss the details or provide further information .
We occasionally make our constituent names and postal addresses available to other reputable non-profit organizations .
We have found this to be the most cost-effective method of increasing our database of potential constituents and hope that you value the information they send you .
Your name is only available to these carefully screened organizations for a limited time and it is de-identified , such that it is not associated with the American Cancer Society .
Other organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their initial mailing .
We do not share email addresses or health related data .
Information gathered as part of Cancer Profiler or Clinical Trials ( above ) is not shared .
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf .
We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose .
We have relationships with companies that conduct charitable sales promotions and commercial coventures that support us in our mission and activities .
If you provide us with your mailing address , we may pass your contact information to these companies so that they may ask you if you are interested in receiving their services .
Your choice to use their services will benefit us ; the amount of money we receive from these entities as a result of your participation is disclosed at the time you are contacted about the service .
You are under no obligation to respond and the companies are restricted from using your contact information for any other purpose .
Information gathered as part of Cancer Profiler or Clinical Trials ( above ) is not shared .
We respect your privacy and allow you to restrict internal and external sharing of your personal information .
We recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you and we offer the following options :  
Do not contact me by telephone .
Do not contact me by postal mail .
Do not contact me by email .
Do not share my contact information with other non-profit organizations .
Do not contact me with fundraising requests supporting the American Cancer Society .
Limit your fundraising appeals to semiannual solicitations only .
Do not contact me or share my information with anyone .
For more information on how to inform us of any desired restrictions , please click on the following link : opt out .
If you contact us with an opt-out request , all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure that you will not receive any of the selected communications from us in the future .
If you do not wish to opt out at this time , you may do so at a later date should you so desire .
If you opt back into a specific service , you will receive communication in that manner , regardless of your overall opt out selections .
These services may include newsletter subscriptions or email communication by asking a question using Contact Us .
Upon request , we will provide you with the information we maintain about you so that you may request corrections .
This information will be sent via postal mail , which we believe is the most secure method of communication .
Please contact us by email at privacyrequest @ cancer.org or in writing at :  Security and Privacy Requests The American Cancer Society National Cancer Information Center 11701 Stonehollow Dr Austin , TX 78758 To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing information or making corrections .
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information and to honoring your choices for its intended use .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we strive to maintain physical , electronic , and administrative safeguards .
We process your financial transactions securely using the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ( " PCI DSS " ) ( the credit card industry 's most stringent security standard ) .
Examples of our security measures include : physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards ; sophisticated security monitoring tools ; documented security policies ; use of strong encryption ( e.g. , SSL ) for transmissions of Order Information to and from our credit card processor ; restricted access of personally identifiable information ; and , periodic security audits .
Inside ACS , data is stored in password-controlled servers .
Our staff and volunteers are educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and we are committed to holding them accountable for protecting your confidentiality .
However , such precautions do not guarantee that our Web site is invulnerable to all security breaks .
ACS makes no warranty , guarantee , or representation that the use of our Web site is protected from viruses , security threats , or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure .
Whenever ACS permits an external third party to access personally-identifiable information , appropriate procedures are followed to help ensure that the information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices ACS constituents have made under this statement , and that the security , integrity and privacy of the information is maintained .
While ACS will employ procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described above , we can not make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties .
Because of the various programs and services at ACS , there are several privacy notices to inform our constituents of policies specific to the activity in which they are participating .
Please click on any one of the following links to learn more :  Cancer Survivors Network Continuing Medical Education : Online Database External Links
Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the ACS Web site .
This site contains links to other sites , including sites that have a special relationship with us .
We do not disclose personably identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices .
Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those Web sites .
You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you .
This privacy statement will be updated periodically and posted on our Web site .
It applies only to our on-line practices and does not encompass other areas of the organization .
Please click on one of the links provided under Internal Links to read other ACS privacy statements .
It applies to the on-line practices of ACS and its chartered Divisions located throughout the country .
References to " American Cancer Society " , " ACS " , " we " , " us " and " our " are references to American Cancer Society , Inc. and its affiliates , staff and volunteers .
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting revisions .
You agree to review the Privacy Policies each time you use our Web site so that you are aware of any modifications .
By accessing or using the Web site , you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the ACS Privacy Policy as posted at the time of your access or use .
If you have any questions about our policy or our compliance , you may send us an email at privacyrequest @ cancer.org or write to :  Security and Privacy Requests The American Cancer Society National Cancer Information Center 11701 Stonehollow Dr Austin , TX 78758
We reserve the right to update this policy at any time .
If a material change is made to the policy , we will email all registered users at the email address provided at time of registration .
Privacy PolicyPrint this page Internet Brands , Inc. and its subsidiaries operate websites , provide services through mobile and other applications , and develop software .
We refer to these as " our sites and services. "  
In this privacy policy , we refer to Internet Brands , Inc. as " Internet Brands , " " our , " " us , " or " we. "  
This privacy policy applies to our websites and mobile and interactive applications on which we display or post a direct link to this privacy policy .
This privacy policy does not apply to those sites and services that do not display or link to this privacy policy , or that have their own privacy policies .
However , we often acquire new companies to expand our business .
Some acquired companies may operate under their own privacy policies until we integrate their privacy practices with ours .
This privacy policy covers what information we collect and why we collect it , how we use the information we collect , and the choices you have to access and update that information .
Please familiarize yourself with our practices and let us know if you have any questions .
If you do not agree to this privacy policy , please do not use our sites or services .
Personal information is information that can be used to identify , locate , or contact an individual , and includes other information that may be associated with personal information .
When you interact with our sites and services , depending on the site or service , we may ask for the following personal information directly from you :  Contact Information allows us to communicate with you and generally includes your name , addresses , email addresses , social media website user account names , and/or telephone numbers Payment Information needed to process payments such as your credit or debit card number , expiration date , and card verification number Personal Profile Information helps us with the administration and personalization of your personal profiles , such as areas of interest , information from social media interactions ( such as Facebook Connect or Google+ ) , preferences , physical characteristics ( such as height , weight ) , photographs , biographical , health information and/or demographic information ( such as gender , age , birthday ) Transaction Information about how you interact with and use our sites and services , email , other communications , and applications ; and how you interact with merchants , business partners , and service providers Geographic Location Information but only if your mobile or other device transmits location data and/or your IP address , and you have activated one of our mobile applications or visited one of our sites Job-Search-Related Information for recruitment purposes and may include educational and employment background , driver 's license number and social security number
In each of the above instances , you will know what personal information we collect through our sites and services because you voluntarily and directly provide it .
We may use information collected from you in one or more of the following ways : to enable site features such as geographically specific pricing or logging , and retrieving and providing analysis of data you choose to enter into the site to send you important notices , such as communications about changes to your account , and our sites and services ' terms , conditions , or policies to solicit input and feedback to improve our sites and services and customize your user experience to enable you to communicate with other website subscribers via private messaging or other site-specific communications channels to meet contractual obligations to send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages service bulletins to inform you about new products or promotional offers , and to provide advertisements to you through our sites , email messages , text messages , applications , or other methods of communication to manage our sites ' administration , forum management , or fulfillment to provide customer service and technical support to administer surveys , sweepstakes , giveaways , contests , or similar promotions or events sponsored by us or our partners to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities , enforce our sites ' terms of use or to comply with the law for internal purposes such as auditing , data analysis , and research to improve our products , services , and communications , and to allow you to apply for a job or sign up for special offers from third parties through our sites .
In addition to the uses described above , we may use personal information that we collect for other purposes that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information , or with your consent .
We may share personal information about you with third parties in the following circumstances : We may engage third parties to perform services on our behalf , including maintenance services , analytics and data analysis , payment processing , assisting in marketing efforts , email and text message distribution , customer service and conducting surveys .
Your personal information , and the contents of all of your online communications on or through our sites and services may be accessed and monitored as necessary to operate our sites and perform our services , and may be disclosed : to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations , to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action , in order to protect the rights or property of Internet Brands and our subsidiaries , including to enforce our sites ' terms of use , when we have a good faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process ( for example , a subpoena , court order , or search warrant ) , where we believe our sites and services are being used in the commission of a crime , including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and risk management , and when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you , another person or the public generally .
In the event of a merger , acquisition , debt financing , sale of Internet Brands ' assets by or with another company , or a similar corporate transaction takes place , we may need to disclose and transfer all information about you , including personal information , to the successor company .
We may share information about you with Internet Brands ' subsidiaries and affiliates .
Some of our services are co-branded by Internet Brands and other companies with which we partner .
If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy policy and the partner 's privacy policy may be displayed and apply .
If that is the case , both Internet Brands and the partner will receive personal information you provide .
We may share personal information about you for any other purpose ( s ) disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent .
We may also collect certain technical information when you use our sites and services .
For example , our servers receive and automatically collect information about your computer and browser , including for instance your IP address , browser type , domain name from which you accessed the site or service , and other software or hardware information .
If you access our sites and services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( UDID ) , type of device , general GPS location , or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it .
In addition , we may collect information about how you use our sites such as the date and time you visit the sites , the areas or pages of the sites that you visit , the amount of time you spend viewing the sites , the number of times you return to the sites , and other click-stream data .
Some of this data may be shared with partners who referred you to our site ( s ) and who will use the data to optimize who else they refer to our site ( s ) .
Also , sometimes this data can be shared with partners who help us deliver ads to you on websites not controlled by us , for instance , when we put a pixel on a conversion page on our site and a marketing partner uses that to optimize what traffic they send to us , or using another example , when we create a re-targeting list through DFP Small Business by Google or placing a partners ' pixel on our sites , and then delivering targeted ads across the Internet .
We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology ) .
You can set your browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow .
Adobe Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies .
If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of our sites and services .
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our sites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies .
You can opt out of being targeted by certain third party advertising companies online by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative , Omniture , Aperture , PrivacyChoice and/or Digital Advertising Alliance .
In general , we use these technologies to remember you when you return to our sites , to understand and analyze trends , to monitor usage and administer the sites , to learn about user behavior on the sites and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole , to customize content or offers on our sites and through our services , and to conduct research to improve our sites , content and services .
You may choose to publicly disclose personal information about yourself and others in the course of ( i ) contributing user generated content ( for instance articles , blogs , reviews or podcasts ) , ( ii ) communicating with others in our online forums , communities or chat rooms , ( iii ) creating user profiles for public view , or ( iv ) posting images , photos or videos .
Be aware , information that you voluntarily disclose in any of these areas of our sites is unencrypted , public information and therefore , there can be no expectation of privacy or confidentiality .
Any personal information you submit in the course of interacting in these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users .
Prior to posting in these areas , we encourage you to read the specific site 's terms of use , as we are not responsible for the personal information you choose to make public in any of these areas .
We encourage you to keep your personal information updated and accurate .
We provide you reasonable access to your personal information and the ability to review , correct or delete it .
For instance , some of our sites and services give you the ability to view and/or edit your personal information online .
The methods for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you use and their features .
You have several choices , for instance :  To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to us , you can return to the web page on our site where you originally submitted the data and follow the instructions on that web page .
You may correct or update your account information at any time by logging on the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account .
You may deactivate your profile at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile .
You may close your account at any time by logging on the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account .
You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application .
You may stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device 's settings for the relevant application .
You may change your email preferences at any time by visiting your email preferences page for the relevant site .
If you have additional questions about your options , contact us .
Protecting your privacy and security is important and we also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your data .
Please be aware that certain records and information will be retained for specific purposes such as legal , payment , accounting , technical , dispute resolution , enforcement of our sites and services ' terms of use , or customer service .
If you have posted comments or user generated content on our site , we may not be able to delete it .
Further , we take no responsibility for removing or editing any of your public activities or any submissions or content that is a result of your public activities , except as provided in this privacy policy or the sites or services ' terms of use .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy , unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law .
Opting Out of Requested Communications Requested communications include , for instance , email newsletters or software updates that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive .
After you request such communications , you may " opt out " of receiving them by using one of the following methods :  Select
the email " opt out " or " unsubscribe " link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication .
To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words " STOP " or " END. "  
Return to the web page ( s ) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions .
Please provide your name , contact information , and specific relevant information that you no longer wish to receive .
Opting Out of General or Promotional Communications General communications provide information about products , services , and/or support and may include special offers , new product information , or invitations to participate in market research .
You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods :  Select the email " opt out " or " unsubscribe " link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication .
To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words " STOP " or " END. "  
Please provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences .
We have implemented reasonable and appropriate administrative , physical , technical and data security procedures and controls to safeguard your personal information against unauthorized access , disclosure , loss , misuse and alteration .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems .
We use third-party service providers to manage credit card and payment processing .
These service providers are not permitted to store , retain , or use billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card and payment processing on our behalf .
When you enter payment information we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology and do not store it on our systems .
Our sites and services may link to other sites or services operated by Internet Brands ' affiliates or third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by third parties .
We do not exercise control over third party sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties .
Once you leave our sites or services via a link , enable a third-party service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party 's site .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We may also provide social media features on our sites and services that enable you to share personal information with your social network ( s ) and to interact with our sites and services .
Depending on the features , your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of personal information about you .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media site ( s ) with which you interact .
Our sites and services are intended for general audiences and are not targeted to children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 , please do not disclose or provide any information .
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 , we will take steps to promptly delete the information .
We are headquartered in the United States .
Our sites and services are hosted in the United States or hosted with cloud service providers who are headquartered in the United States .
If you are located outside the United States , be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of our sites and services , may be processed in and transferred to and stored in the United States and will be subject to U.S. law .
U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws of your country of residence .
By using our sites and services or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States .
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure , typically by " opting in " to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites , for example .
If you ask us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes , we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion , since we do not share information with any third party ( other than our service providers ) on an ongoing basis .
To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not " opt in " to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites .
Users residing in certain jurisdictions , like California , have a right to access personal information held by us about them and their right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law .
California law requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the resident has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
California residents may request further information about our approach to this law by writing to us .
When writing to us , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body or subject line of your request , and include ( i ) the name of the site about which you are contacting us , ( ii ) any unique site identifier associated with you ( like member number or forum handle ) , ( iii ) your name , and ( iv ) your contact information .
Please submit requests using our Privacy Contact form and allow 30 days for a response .
We will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our practices you can contact us or write to us at Internet Brands , Inc. , Privacy Office , 909 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 11th Floor , El Segundo , California
Please be sure to identify the specific website , software or service about which you have a question or concern and how we can contact you .
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and if we do , we will update it on this page and modify the " Last Updated " date .
If our information practices change in a significant way , you will be provided notice by means of notice on our sites .
Last Updated : June 12 , 2012 Vitals Privacy Policy
The Vitals.com website and the Vitals mobile application ( collectively , the " Site " ) is provided to You by MDx Medical , Inc. , including any of its related , affiliated and/or subsidiary companies ( individually and collectively , " MDx , " " Vitals , " " We " or " Us " ) .
The following Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all of the products and services offered by MDx on , through , or in connection with the Site ( collectively , the " Products and Services " ) .
For convenience , the words " User , " " You " and " Your " as used in this Privacy Policy refer to all users of the Site , including , without limitation , anyone that accesses or visits the Site ; individuals seeking to utilize the Products and Services ; and physicians , long-term care facilities , hospitals , insurers and other providers of healthcare services and persons working on their behalves who input or post or edit profiles and other content , materials and information related to them ( collectivelyte and the Vitals mobile app , " Healthcare Providers " ) .
Vitals recognizes that Your privacy and the protection of Your Personal Information ( as defined below ) is important to You , and , therefore , has adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes Vitals ' privacy practices and how Vitals treats the Personal Information that is provided by You when You use the Site or the Products and Services , including any Personal Information You provide if and when You register on or through the Site or create Your Vitals account .
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all of the Products and Services .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Personal Information " is information that ( i ) You voluntarily provide to Vitals , and ( ii ) that personally identifies You .
Personal Information includes , but is not limited to , Your name , email or other address , billing and payment information and other data that can be used to personally identify or contact You .
If You decide to utilize any of the Products and Services , including , for example and where available , scheduling an appointment with a Healthcare Provider through our website or mobile application , Your Personal Information may also contain sensitive personal information , including any confidential medical information ( such as your reason for scheduling the provider appointment ) that You voluntarily provide , as well as information collected by Vitals as a result of Your queries , searches , clickstreams and other website or mobile application navigation activities . "
Aggregated Non-Personal Information " is information about some or all of the Users of the Products and Services , but unlike Personal Information , does not reflect or reference an individually identifiable User .
Aggregated Non-Personal Information may be formed from Personal Information , but any of the Personal Information used to form the Aggregated Non-Personal Information has been processed to no longer reflect or reference an individually identifiable User .
Vitals may obtain , collect , retain , store or otherwise maintain Your Personal Information from the following sources : Your Vitals Account .
This information may include , for example , information You provide to Vitals through Your creation , registration and maintenance of an account on Vitals.com and/or the Vitals mobile application .
Purchase of Products and Services :
To the extent that We offer Products and Services for purchase on the Site , we may request that You provide Personal Information , a credit card account number and/or or other payment account information in order for You to access or purchase those Products and Services .
Other Information You Provide to Vitals :
Some of the Products and Services allow You to store Personal Information , such as Your Healthcare Providers , pharmacies , insurance information , emergency contact information , personal health information and related information .
Personal Information that You may store through the mobile application by means of taking a photograph with Your mobile device ( for example , taking a photograph of Your health insurance card ) is stored exclusively on Your mobile device and is not stored or collected by Vitals .
Accordingly , the safety , security and privacy of Your mobile device and the information and photographs that You store on it are Your responsibility and not the responsibility of Vitals .
Interactive Products and Services : Some of the Products and Services
allow You to interact with Healthcare Providers through the Site .
These interactive Products and Services include , but are not limited to , scheduling appointments with Healthcare Providers .
Per Your request to utilize these interactive Products and Services , We may obtain Personal Information ( such as the medical reasons for You scheduling the appointment ) that You voluntarily provide in connection with utilizing these interactive Products and Services .
You understand and agree that Vitals may use and/or disclose such Personal Information to Healthcare Providers that You have selected in connection with providing You with the requested interactive Products and Services .
Your Responses to Communications from Vitals : From time to time , Vitals may communicate with You through postal mail , email or other forms of electronic communications regarding Your Vitals account on the Site , inquiries you may make to Vitals customer service , the Products and Services and new Products and Services .
If You respond to these communications , Your responses may contain Personal Information .
You can decline to provide Your Personal Information to Us by not engaging in the activities described above , such as by not registering or creating a Vitals account on the Site .
If you decline to submit Personal Information , Vitals may not be able to or may choose not to provide to You some or all of its Products and Services .
Vitals also collects non-personally identifiable server-log information relating to its users .
This information may include , but is not limited to , ( i )
Your Vitals account activity , including storage usage , number of log-ins , data displayed or selected , including user interface elements , links , etc , and ( ii ) Your web or mobile application request , Internet Protocol address ( " IP address " ) , browser type , browser language , browser programming language , computer or mobile device type , the date and time of your request , date and time of access , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser and referrer Uniform Resource Locator ( " URL " ) .
None of this information alone enables Vitals to personally identify or contact You .
Vitals only uses Personal Information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy .
Specifically , Vitals only uses Your Personal Information for :  Providing the Products and Services to You , including but not limited to , the processing , formatting and displaying of Personal Information , customized content and the delivery of customized Products and Services to You ; Auditing , research and analysis in order to maintain , protect and improve the Products and Services and the Site ; Ensuring the technical functioning of Vitals ' network and the Site , including creating and maintaining backups or other archival copies of Personal Information and other related data ; and/or Developing new Products and Services , which may include use of Personal Information by Vitals in connection with developing and offering to You customized Products and Services ( e.g. , postal mail , e-mail or other forms of electronic communications , such as " newsletters , " regarding specific health conditions , health education and/or disease prevention ) , which Products and Services may be supported by third-party advertising from Healthcare Providers and manufacturers , retailers and/or other service providers within the healthcare industry ( e.g. , pharmaceutical and/or medical device manufacturers , suppliers , or retailers ) .
Vitals restricts access to Personal Information to those employees , contractors and agents of Vitals who need to access Personal Information for the purposes specified above .
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination , if they fail to meet these obligations .
Except as otherwise set forth herein , Vitals does not share Your Personal Information with third parties without Your consent , except when We believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a subpoena or other judicial order or process , as otherwise required by law or in order to enforce Vitals ' Terms of Use ( also known as a User Agreement ) for the Vitals website and mobile application ( " Terms of Use " ) .
In such circumstances , Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to Vitals ' attorneys .
Aggregated Non-Personal Information provided to or collected by Vitals may be provided to , shared with and used by third parties including third-party content providers , paid advertisers and licensees of the Products and Services .
Vitals permits third-party advertising companies and networks to place paid advertisements that may be visible when You visit , use or access the Site .
These companies and networks include , among others , third party ad servers , ad agencies , advertising networks , advertising technology vendors , and research firms .
These companies and networks may use information ( not including your Personal Information ) relating to Your visits to , use or access of the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to You .
In the course of serving advertisements to the Site , these companies and networks may place or recognize a unique " cookie " on your browser or within the code of the mobile application or use a " web beacon " .
An example of such third-party ad networks are Google and DoubleClick .
These third parties collect Aggregated Non-Personal Information about the Site 's users and provide auditing , research and reporting services and information for Vitals ' advertisers and other partners .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google and/or DoubleClick , please visit http : //www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/ .
If you would like more information about not having this information used by other companies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
You may also visit these sites from links included in the Privacy Policy posted on the Vitals.com website .
If Vitals desires to use or share Your Personal Information for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy ( as it may be amended from time to time ) , Vitals will request Your consent prior to such use and offer You an effective way to opt out of the use of Personal Information for those other purposes .
If you opt out or otherwise decline to submit Personal Information in response to such a request , Vitals may not be able to provide to You all of its Products and Services or may have to terminate Your Vitals account , if maintenance of Your account is inconsistent with a use of Your Personal Information to which You are unwilling to consent .
When You visit the Vitals.com website , We send to Your computer , and when You use the Vitals mobile application on Your mobile device ( such as a smartphone ) , We send to the code of the mobile application , one or more cookies , which are small files containing a string of characters .
A cookie , among other things , uniquely identifies Your browser or Your mobile device , as applicable , and allows Vitals to " remember " Your mobile device and/or Your activities on the Vitals website .
Vitals uses cookies to uniquely and anonymously identify computers and mobile devices of users of the Site .
No Personal Information is collected or stored in these cookies .
These cookies can not damage a user 's files , and can not read information from a user 's hard drive or mobile device .
Vitals uses cookies to improve the quality of the Products and Services .
Most browsers and mobile devices are initially set up to accept cookies but You can reset Your browser or the settings on Your mobile device to refuse all cookies .
Some browsers also can be set to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Please note that some features of the Products and Services may not function properly , if at all , if Your computer or mobile device is set to refuse all cookies .
Vitals is not a " covered entity " under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 , the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ( " HITECH " ) and the regulations promulgated thereunder , in effect or as amended ( collectively , " HIPAA " ) .
Although Vitals is not covered by HIPAA , We are committed to user privacy and have in place strict data security policies and measures , and ensure that users control access to their information .
We let users know in this Privacy Policy what information we collect when they use the Site , how We use it , and how We keep it safe .
On occasion , Vitals may act as a " Business Associate " of one or more Covered Entities ( e.g. , Healthcare Providers , such as doctors , hospitals or health plans ) as defined by HIPAA .
In those instances , to the extent required by law , Vitals will both comply with the obligations imposed upon Business Associates and abide by the privacy policies of the Covered Entities .
This Privacy Policy only addresses the Site and the Products and Services .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other websites or mobile applications , including those that may link to or from any part of the Site or those from which you may be able to download or launch the Vitals mobile application .
These other websites and/or mobile applications may have their own privacy policies and terms of use , which We encourage You to read .
You should contact these websites or mobile application or service providers directly if You have any questions about their use of Your information .
Vitals is not responsible for any use of Your information , including Your Personal Information , when You use or visit such third party websites , mobile applications and services .
TRANSFER Vitals reserves the right to sell , rent or otherwise share some or all of Your Personal Information with other companies or individuals outside of Vitals if :  You have consented to such sale , rental or sharing ; and/or Vitals becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , or any form of sale of all of its assets .
In such circumstances , Vitals will provide notice before Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Vitals reserves the right to disclose Aggregated Non-Personal Information to third parties without prior notice to You .
Your Personal Information may reside or be stored on third-party servers that are leased or rented by Vitals but this information is not otherwise shared with these third-party server providers or with any other third parties , except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy .
Vitals takes reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of its data , including Personal Information stored or maintained on its servers and other systems .
These measures include internal reviews of Vitals ' data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to servers and systems where Vitals stores personal data .
Vitals processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Vitals though , must depend on You and our other users to provide , accurate , complete and current Personal Information and to update or correct their Personal Information whenever necessary .
Vitals does not and can not monitor or pre-screen the Personal Information that You provide for accuracy and completeness but takes reasonable steps to ensure that We accurately process and maintain the Personal Information that You provide .
When Registering For a Vitals Account You may change or update the e-mail address and password that You provided when You registered for Your Vitals account via the " settings " or " account settings " section of such account .
If You registered separately for an account on both the Vitals website and the Vitals mobile application , changes or updates to registration information should be made separately on each account .
You may terminate Your Vitals account by sending an e-mail with your account termination request to support @ vitals.com .
Information You Store or Access
When Using the Products and Services
When you use the Products and Services , Vitals makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to Your Personal Information .
You may organize or delete or change certain of the information that is entered or uploaded into Your account ( such as for patients , the names of Your Healthcare Providers , pharmacies , insurance information , emergency contact information , personal health information and related information , and such as for physicians , the address where Your practice is located , Your photograph and Your practice specialty ) via the section of Your account where the information is located .
Where applicable , Vitals asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and Vitals may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required .
In any case , where Vitals provides information access and correction , Vitals provides this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
If you have any questions or want more information about accessing or updating Your Personal Information , please contact Vitals by e-mail to support @ vitals.com or by telephone to ( 201 ) 842-0760 .
All deletions , changes or updates that you make to Your Personal Information will take immediate effect .
Account terminations will also take immediate effect after Vitals receives and processes Your e-mail termination request .
Except for deleted information that was stored exclusively on Your mobile device , residual copies of the deleted information , including terminated account information , may take up to sixty ( 60 ) days to be deleted from active servers and may remain in perpetuity in backup systems .
Deleting the Vitals mobile application from Your mobile device will not terminate Your Vitals account but will delete any information that You stored through the mobile application by means of taking a photograph with Your mobile device ( " Stored Photographic Information " ) .
Terminating Your Vitals account will not delete Stored Photographic Information unless You also delete the Vitals mobile application from Your mobile device .
Please note though that according to the Terms of Use , Your Submissions to Vitals should not include any " personally identifiable information ( other than the name of the Healthcare Providers being reviewed ) . "  
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Information that You may nevertheless include in your Submissions and You may not be able to change or update any such Personal Information included in Your Submissions .
Please direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Vitals ' treatment of Personal Information by contacting Vitals at the address below .
When Vitals receives formal written complaints at this address , its policy is to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns .
Vitals will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of Personal Information that can not be resolved between an individual and Vitals .
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
Vitals will post any changes on this page and if You have an account on the Vitals mobile application , You will be sent an update notice to Your mobile device .
Vitals encourages You to check back and review this policy periodically so that You will always know what information we collect , how we use it , and to whom we disclose it .
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy , please contact us at :  Vitals Attn :
Legal Department 210 Clay Avenue , Suite 140 Lyndhurst , NJ 07071 Email address support @
vitals.com California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows users who are California residents to request certain information about the disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us at support @
Vitals adheres to the United States of America safe harbor privacy principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement .
For more information about the Safe Harbor framework , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's website or http : //export.gov/safeharbor .
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be illegal , void , or unenforceable , that provision will be deemed severed from the balance of the agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions , which will continue in full force and effect .
This Privacy Policy was lasted updated on June 6th , 2012 .
Privacy Policy and APA Website Security
The American Psychological Association ( APA ) is committed to maintaining your trust , values your privacy and recognizes the sensitivity of your personal information .
We work toward protecting the privacy of users of our website .
We have carefully crafted this Privacy Policy to address concerns you might have , and to assure you that if you give us personal information , we will treat it carefully and appropriately .
This Privacy Policy applies to the website available at www.apa.org and the mobile applications and websites where this Privacy Policy is posted ( collectively , the Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
Where personal information is required to use or interact with the Sites , it is our policy that this information such as your name , postal or email address , or telephone number is private and confidential .
The personal information you provide to APA is stored in a secure location , accessible only by appropriate staff , and is used for the purposes set forth in this policy , such as to reply to a question or to send requested materials .
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personal information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personal information , such as your IP address or cookies .
Personal information " Personal information " is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , postal address , telephone number , or email address .
The APA collects and stores the personal information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personal information on the Sites : We will collect your first and last name , email address , and postal address when you become a member and sign up to receive information from the APA ; We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ; We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; We may collect your first and last name , postal address and billing information if you make a purchase through our Sites ; andWe may collect your device ID number when you interact with the Sites using a mobile device .
The above list provides an example of the personal information that may be collected from you on the Sites .
If you do not want the APA to collect your personal information , please do not provide it to us .
Personal information Non-Personal information can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , ZIP code or other geolocation data , or interests . Non-personal information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used : Internet Protocol ( IP ) address
Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such as the webpages you view .
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.
Cookies APA websites use " cookies " to improve functionality and usability .
We use this information for planning , tracking and to improve the technical functions of our sites and products .
By using our products and agreeing to this policy , you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy .
About Cookies Cookies are text files sent by Web servers to Web browsers and are stored on the user 's computer or mobile device .
If the browser is loading a page and the server requests the information stored in the cookie , the cookie is sent back to the server .
Cookies contain data about the user 's activities on the website , and can be used by Web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website , and to identify users returning to a website .
Cookies may be either " persistent " or " session " cookies .
A persistent cookie will remain valid until its set expiration date ( unless deleted by the user ) .
A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session , when the Web browser is closed .
How APA uses cookies Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies the user , but information that we store about the user may be linked by us to the information stored in and obtained from cookies .
APA websites use the information we obtain from people 's use of our website through cookies for the following purposes : To recognize the user 's computer when the user visits the website.
To track some user actions during website navigation.
To improve the website 's usability.
To analyze the use of the website.
To administer the website.
To report click-through data to our advertisers .
Third-party cookies When users visit APA websites third-party cookies may be sent to their computers by APA 's advertisers or service providers .
They may use the information obtained from these cookies : To track users browsing across multiple websites.
To build profiles of users ' Web surfing.
To target advertisements that may be of particular interest to users .
Most browsers allow users to refuse to accept cookies .
In Internet Explorer , you can refuse all cookies by clicking " Tools , " " Internet Options , " " Privacy , " and selecting " Block all cookies " using the sliding selector.
In Firefox , you can block all cookies by clicking " Tools , " " Options , " and un-checking " Accept cookies from sites " in the " Privacy " box.
In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking " Options , " " Under the hood " and Content Settings in the " Privacy " section .
Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.
In Safari , you can block cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the Privacy tab and Block cookies .
Blocking all cookies will , however , have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites .
If you block cookies , you may not be able to log on , access content or use search functions , for example .
Deleting cookies Users can also delete cookies already stored on their computers :
In Internet Explorer , you must manually delete cookie files.
In Firefox , you can delete cookies by first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you " clear private data " ( this setting can be changed by clicking " Tools , " " Options " and " Settings " in the " Private Data " box ) and then clicking " Clear private data " in the " Tools " menu.
In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking " Options , " " Under the hood , " and Content Settings in the " Privacy " section .
Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.
In Safari , you can delete cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the " Privacy " tab and selecting " Remove All Website Data. "  
Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites .
Web Beacons ( also known as " clear gifs , " " Web bugs " or " pixel tags " ) " Web Beacons " are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , Web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , Web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages.
Demographic Information " Demographic Information " may be your gender , age , ZIP code or geolocation data , and/or interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personal information .
The above list provides an example of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites .
We use your personal information that is collected on the Sites primarily for the following purposes : To deliver services , such as educational programs , information or newsletters you request or purchase ; To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from APA or other third parties or to forward promotional materials ; To process your order and , if necessary , to contact you regarding the status of your order ; To fulfill the terms of a promotion ; To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ; To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ; To contact you regarding additional services and features ; To request your feedback about your experience with APA ; To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy , if necessary ; andTo allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites .
Personal information Non-personal information is used as described above and in other was as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personal information with personal information .
The APA member and affiliate directories are available only to members and affiliates in a members-only section of the site .
All members ' and affiliates ' names are listed in the directory , but members have the option to suppress other information .
Personal information collected as a function of the APA Sites will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided and in the following instances :
To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to download information through the Sites , we may share your personal information in order to provide the information to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personal information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.
To affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personal information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes .
These parties may use your personal information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
If you do not want us to share your personal information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information.
To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on APA 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personal information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personal information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personal information to us.
To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personal information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of APA and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.
To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.
To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personal information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties .
The Sites do not knowingly target children under the age of 13 and we do not collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 .
In the event we learn that such information has been provided to the Sites , we will delete or destroy it .
The APA Sites may provide you with links to other websites , although we do not necessarily advise that you are linking to another website .
In the event that you choose to access such websites , APA is not responsible for any actions or policies of those sites .
Further , please note that the third party 's Privacy Policy and security practices may differ from APA standards .
APA neither assumes responsibility for , nor does it control , endorse or guarantee any aspect of your use of the linked site .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy of such a party before providing personal information to it .
The APA may also permit advertisers , third party ad networks or other advertising companies to serve advertisements on the Sites .
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , Web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which Web pages you were viewing when such ads were delivered .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES .
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION
THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS ,
We communicate with our members on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , members can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communications from us , such as messages or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties .
For emails , you may opt-out by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link within the text of an email .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed .
If you have elected to receive notices to your mobile device via text message , you may opt-out by replying STOP to such mobile message .
You may receive a confirmatory text message in response to your STOP request and you hereby consent to receipt of such confirmation .
APA reserves the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason without prior notice .
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of our policies .
We may also contact you by email with changes .
Additionally , we will updated the last updated date below .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to APA is done at your own risk .
However , APA uses website security measures consistent with current best practices to protect its website , email and mailing lists .
These measures include technical , procedural , monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , loss , alteration or destruction .
Credit card information is transmitted using secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption .
Member and purchaser information is a high priority and we use our own protective measures , as well as the capabilities of our software and hardware vendors .
We realize there can be incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions , as almost every website , service and user encounters .
In those instances , our goals are to move quickly to isolate the problem , ensure or restore proper functionality and minimize any inconvenience to our users .
As appropriate and necessary , APA will notify the relevant authorities of these incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions of the APA website .
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personal and non-personal information collected via the Sites .
Please email any problems or questions to Customer Service .
While we may not be able to respond to every report , we take each report seriously and will investigate it thoroughly .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding the APA 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us at Customer Service .
Effective Date : Aug. 26 , 2013
: Aug. 26 , 2013 PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT CAREFULLY .
It explains how Sharecare , Inc. and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ( collectively , " Sharecare " , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) collects information about you ( whether you 're a parent or a child ) through our websites and how this information is then used or disclosed .
Our websites expressly include any Sharecare top-level-domain as well as any Sharecare redirects to Sharecare branded areas and sub-domains of third-party websites , specifically including Dr.
Oz and Dailystrength ( as such websites and top-level-domains may be renamed from time to time ) .
This privacy policy statement does not apply to those of our websites that do not display or link to this privacy policy statement or that have their own privacy policy statement or to information we may collect from you or about you in other ways , including through emails you may send to us .
We may update this statement from time to time by posting the updated terms on our websites .
You are responsible for periodically reading this statement .
If you use our websites after we have updated this statement , you acknowledge that you have read the updated terms and consent to our revised privacy practices .
This privacy policy statement describes our privacy practices , including what information we collect from you through our websites , and what we then do with this information .
If you are a minor , please be sure to get your parents to review and discuss this privacy policy statement with you , and get their permission , before using our websites .
We encourage parents to talk about what information their children should and should n't share online , and other restrictions about the online release of personal information to anyone they do n't know .
We hope that our privacy practices as described in this statement will remove any concerns that parents may have about their children visiting our websites .
We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of [ 13 ] .
By using our websites , you acknowledge that you have read this privacy policy statement and consent to our privacy practices as described in this statement , including our use and disclosure of personal information for the purposes described below .
You further affirm your consent by becoming a registered member or submitting content or materials to or through our websites .
This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any person .
Residents of the State of California , please also read Your California Privacy Rights to understand additional rights you may have pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 .
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT , PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR WEBSITES .
This privacy policy statement only applies to information that we collect through our websites , and does not apply to any information we collect through any other means .
We collect two types of information from you and other visitors to our websites : ( 1 ) " personally identifiable information " ( as described below ) and ( 2 ) non-personally identifiable information ( as described below ) . "
Personally identifiable information " is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name .
Here are some examples of the ways in which we may collect and store your personally identifiable information through our websites :  we may collect your email address , first and last name , and zip code , if you sign up for an online newsletter ; we may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ; we may collect your first and last name , date of birth , and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; and we may collect your first and last name , your address , and your credit card and billing information to enable you to make a purchase .
" Non-personally identifiable information " can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , or interests.
Non-personally identifiable information does not identify you personally .
If you do provide us with non-personally identifiable information , we may use it for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose .
Here are some examples of the ways in which we may collect and store your non-personally identifiable information through our websites , and how we use such information :  Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
Your " IP address " is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data , such as the screens and pages of our websites that you view.
We use this information to deliver our screens and pages to you upon request , to tailor our websites to the interests of you and our other visitors , and to measure traffic to and within our websites .
A " cookie " is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on our websites .
For example , when you visit a screen or page on our websites , a cookie is placed on your machine ( if you or your browser accept the cookie ) .
This cookie may then be read by screen or pages on our websites.
You may configure your browser to notify you or to reject and block cookies , but if you do , you may not have access to some areas of our websites , or to the personalized features of our websites .
A " web beacon " , " clear gif " , " web bug " , or " pixel tag " is a tiny graphic file with a unique identifier , that is similar in function to a cookie , but allows us to count the number of users that have visited certain pages or screens of our websites , and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which may be stored on your computer 's hard drive , web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on pages or screens .
Demographic information " may be your gender , age , zip code , and interests .
We may collect such information about your through our websites and use it to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure that our websites and services and the information on them is targeted to meet your needs .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personally identifiable information .
If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us , do not enter the information and do not proceed with that screen or page .
If you do provide us with personally identifiable information , we will only use it for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected .
Primarily , we use it on our websites to :  help us create and public content most relevant to you ; allow you access to certain areas of our websites ; register you as a member and develop your profile and enable you to take advantage of our the personalized features of our websites ; deliver services , such as educational programs , information , newsletters , or software that you request or purchase ; alert you to special officers , updated information , and our other new services or those of other third-parties ; forward promotional materials and to fulfill the terms of such promotion ; complete a transaction or service requested by you ; target our websites to your needs ; identify you as a poster or provider of content ; and contact you in response to sign up forms such as " Contact Us " or " Order Inquiry " .
Non-personally identifiable information .
We may use non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose , including , when and where applicable , combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information .
Primarily , we may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :  To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to watch an educational video available on our websites , we may share your personally identifiable information to provide the program to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information to fulfill the terms of that promotion , including for prize fulfillment purposes or with mail carriers .
We also may share your information with co-sponsors of such promotion .
To offer you products from our affiliates , strategic partners , agents , or from third-party marketers and other unaffiliated parties that we believe may be of interest to you , or to assist such parties for research , administrative , and/or business purposes .
These parties may contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents , or independent contractors who help us maintain our websites and us with other administrative services ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on our behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes , and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that such unaffiliated third-parties will not use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than that for which they are responsible.
However , we can not guarantee that they will not use it for any other purpose .
To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on or through our websites , we may ask you for your credit card number , billing address , and other information in connection with completing such purchase , and we may use such information to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third-parties to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
To comply with law , or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law , or comply with legal process served on us , and to protect and defend our rights or property , including our rights and property and our websites , or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of you and our other visitors .
To third parties as part of a corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets .
To track and analyze non-identifying , aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties .
To protect against fraud and potential fraud .
We may verify the information our websites through third parties .
In the course of such verification , we may receive additional personally identifiable information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address match the information you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen . Non-personally identifiable information .
We may share and disclose your non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose , including , when and where applicable , sharing and disclosing non-personally identifiable information combined with personally identifiable information .
We may transfer information that we collect about you , including personally identifiable information , to subsidiary and affiliated entities , or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring information about you , including personally identifiable information , to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union , and you consent to :  the transfer of information about you , including personally identifiable information , to the U.S. ; and the use and disclosure of information about you , including personally identifiable information , as described in this privacy policy statement .
As a registered member , you can review and update your profile at anytime by logging-in and visiting the " My Profile " page .
In addition , a parent can review or request deletion of any personal information we have about their child , or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's information , by completing this form .
We take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child , to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or guardian , and appreciate your cooperation with those steps .
We communicate with our registered members on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , users can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we do provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of :  receiving other types of communication from us , such as emails or updates regarding new services and products offered on or through our websites and any new features or services on our websites ; sharing or disclosing your personally identifiable information with third parties .
You may exercise your opt-out by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box , if such checkbox where such information is collected , or by contacting us .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until your request is processed .
You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link within the text of the applicable email .
We may provide public areas on our websites , such as forums and chat rooms , where you can post information about yourself and others.
Please exercise discretion and use caution with respect to your information , especially in such public areas .
We do not control who reads postings on our websites , or how they may use or disclose such information.
If you choose to voluntarily disclose information on public portions of our websites , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR OTHERS IN PUBLIC AREAS OF OUR
WEBSITES.WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION .
Our websites may contain links to third-party websites .
While we endeavor to work with third-parties that share our respect for user privacy , we are not responsible for the websites or privacy practices of such third-parties .
We may also use third-party advertisers , ad networks , and other advertising , marketing , and promotional companies , to serve advertisements on our websites .
Such third parties may gather information about your visit to our websites or other websites , monitor your access to or market products or services to you , monitor the ads you view , click-on , or interact with , when they were delivered , and the screens and pages that they are on .
We do not endorse these parties , their content , or any products and services they offer .
You are responsible for knowing when you are leaving our website to visit a third-party website , and for reading and understanding the terms of use and privacy policy statements for each such third party .
No data transmissions over the Internet are completely secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or others over the Internet .
You transmit such information at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems.
We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
However , this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of such firewalls or secure server software .
If we learn of a breach of our security system or processes , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using our websites , or providing personally identifiable information to us through them , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of our websites .
In the event of a breach , we may post a notice on our websites or send you an email at the email address you provided .
YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS TO RECEIVE WRITTEN NOTICE OF SECURITY
BREACHES UNDER APPLICABLE LAW OF YOUR JURISDICTION .
You can also help us protect information about you by :  using only secure web browsers ; employing common anti-virus and anti-malware tools on your system to keep it safe ; carefully logging out after using our websites ; using a strong password with a combination of letters and numbers .
changing your password often ; and by notifying us if you feel your login
and/or password have been compromised .
You consent to our assignment of the information we have about you , including personally identifiable information , in the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , including all or substantially all of our websites or our top-level-domain , or in the event of a merger for the same .
Please read our terms of use to understand the terms that apply to your use of our websites .
By using our websites , you acknowledge that you have read our terms of use and consent to them .
You further affirm your consent by becoming a registered member or submitting content or materials to or through our websites .
Attn : Privacy Officer Terminus 3280 Peachtree Road NE , Suite 600 Atlanta , Georgia 30305
These terms of use were last updated and posted on August 31 , 2009 .
California Residents - Your Privacy Rights ( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )  
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( " California customer " ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
In general , if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information , upon receipt of a request by a California customer , the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year , as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed .
However , under the law , a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public ( in its privacy policy statement ) a policy of not disclosing customer 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure , as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy .
Rather , the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right .
As stated in our privacy policy statement , we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting-in to receive information from a third party .
To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not opt-in to such use when you provide personal information on our website .
Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party , your information will be subject to the third-party 's privacy policies and practices .
If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information , you will need to contact the third party directly , as we have no control over how third parties use information .
You should always review the privacy policies and practices of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information .
California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing privacy @
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year , and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address .
Privacy and Cookie Policy Verso em portugus Privacy and Cookie Policy
Any reference to BMJ , " we " , " us " and " our " is to BMJ Publishing Group Limited , except where the relevant service is provided by another BMJ group company , in which case references to we , us or our shall , in respect of those services , be references to that BMJ group company .
BMJ Publishing Group Limited ( BMJ ) is a company registered in England and Wales ( registered number is 3102371 ) with registered office at BMJ , BMA House , Tavistock Square , London
We are registered on the Data Protection Public Register .
Our Data Protection Registration Number is Z7607533 .
Any reference to website ( s ) or site ( s ) is to a website owned or controlled by BMJ Publishing Group Limited .
Any reference to you or your is a reference to you as a user of a BMJ website or service .
Protecting your privacy is one of our top priorities .
Please take a few minutes to read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it .
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you .
We will post revisions on the Website .
We recommend that you regularly review this policy for any changes .
It is your responsibility for doing so .
This document sets out the basis on which BMJ will process any personal data we collect from you and what cookies we use and why , except in the case of Evidence Based Nursing , and in which case you will be subject to the Royal College of Nursing 's Privacy Policy http : //www.rcn.org.uk/privacy .
Other than for Evidence Based Nursing , or where we are hosting information for you ( such as on BMJ Portfolio ) , the BMJ shall be the data controller .
We will make every effort to protect your privacy by adopting a consistently high level of site security and adhering to strict company policies on how we store and use personal information .
This privacy policy has been developed in accordance with our legal obligations and may be updated from time to time .
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy prior to using our site and thereafter regularly review any changes .
It is your responsibility for doing so .
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you .
We will post revisions on the Website .
Where this Privacy Policy has been translated into a language which is not English , this has been done for your convenience only to aid your interpretation of the policy .
The English language version of this Privacy Policy is available here and it shall prevail in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a version in any other language .
What information is being collected and how is it used ?
There are various sections of the website which correspond to different aspects of BMJ 's business .
The nature and purpose of the personal data we collect from you will differ depending on which area of the site ( s ) you access ( for example whether you are registering for one of our products or simply contacting us to provide feedback ) .
What data we collect and how this is used is set out in detail in this policy but general categories include :  information that you provide by filling in forms on our website which may include : your name , address , postcode , email address , date of birth , telephone number , payment details and service details ( if applicable ) ; technical information about your use of BMJ services including details of your domain name , location and internet protocol ( IP ) address , operating system , browser version , the content you view , how long you stayed on a page , data collected through the use of " cookies " and/or other devices .
For full details , see our Cookie Policy which is contained in section 5 below .
other data from time to time to help us provide you with improved products and services for example when we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire .
In addition to the uses specified below , we may use information provided by you in the following ways :  to ensure that content on our site is presented in the most effective manner for you ; monitor , develop and improve our products and services ; to provide you with information , products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you , where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes ; to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service , when you choose to do so ; and to notify you about changes to our service including to contact you with service messages .
By way of example , if any service for which you have registered is no longer available , we may contact you to let you know that it has closed and inform you of any similar services offered by us and/or any company within our group of companies and/or a third party partner on our behalf .
Registered Users Many of our websites require subscriptions and/or registration to access certain functions , services or content .
You will know what information is being collected via these processes when you complete the relevant forms and provide the required details prior to submitting the application for the relevant subscription or registration .
On some of our websites , where you submit a response for publication your name and other personal details may be published .
You should check the policy on the relevant submission page on the specific BMJ operated website .
We will collect data relating to any transactions you carry out through our website ( s ) and of the fulfilment of your orders .
We collate data about registered users including which BMJ publications and services they have subscribed to in order that we can understand our customers and try and easily fulfil their subscription requirements .
Where you have supplied information relating to a conference ( for instance where you are attending a conference , or speaking at a conference ) , we will use your personal data to inform the venue and caterers of delegates , share that information with any co-owners , co-organisers or relevant suppliers and contractors of a conference ( where applicable ) .
We may also use your data to create a delegate or speaker list which will be distributed to all attendees and sponsors .
Once you start using our sites , we may track and keep a record of the pages you visit .
We collect this data from groups of users to get a sense of how people are using our sites and what content and which business areas or sections of the site are most popular .
This helps us improve what we offer on our sites .
We will also use your data to monitor for any unauthorised use of our websites , content or subscriptions to our publications ( for example individuals subscribing individually on behalf of institutions ) .
We may also disclose your identity and contact details to any third party claiming material posted by you is defamatory or violates their intellectual property rights or right to privacy .
You will be given at least one opportunity to opt in or out ( as applicable ) from receiving marketing emails from the BMJ and third parties .
For users who have opted to receive marketing emails from BMJ ( and others where indicated and there is a jointly supplied product or service ) , and visit our websites through links provided in these emails , we may send information about your website usage to our third party email direct marketing provider .
This is for the purpose of understanding the effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns and for targeting future email campaigns .
In addition to and subject to other uses of your personal data which are set out herein ( see clause 3 in particular ) , the information that you add to your BMJ Portfolio , including the areas of improvement you identify , the BMJ Learning modules you have started and /or completed , and other such information , is considered private save that our technicians have access to it in order to fix problems and maintain the site .
However , subject to clause 3 and the BMA exception described below we do not read this information unless it is necessary to do so , and we will not release it to other people or organisations , without your prior consent .
In the case of BMJ Learning and BMJ Portfolio only ( and in accordance with clause 3 ( vii ) ) , we may disclose certain personal data to the British Medical Association ( BMA ) including in relation to the fact that you have signed up for access to BMJ Learning , the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules .
We reserve the right to release anonymised group data to third parties related to the use of specific modules .
You are able to give feedback about a learning module after completing it , and in the learning resources section of the site .
This information is visible to other users of the site , including guest users .
We will also use it to improve our site .
The forms you complete online and the learning modules you complete ( including obtaining certificates of completion ) are considered private .
Our technicians have access to them in order to fix problems and maintain the site .
However , we do not read this information unless necessary , and will not release it to other people or organisations , without your prior consent .
Portfolio Users Subject to clause 3 ( vii ) , the data you enter into the BMJ Portfolio website , and any files you upload to it , is considered private .
Our technicians have access to this data in order to fix problems and maintain the site .
We may statistically analyse the information , in aggregate form , to learn more about the interests of our user base .
These statistics may be used to provide functionality that recommends useful resources to other users of BMJ Portfolio .
In no case will it be possible to identify an individual through such functionality , or through the underlying aggregate data .
BMJ Quality Improvement Programme Users Where you have registered and/or purchased access to a BMJ Quality Improvement Programme product or service , your name will be available for other users for the purpose of contacting you through the service .
They will not have access to your contact information directly ( unless such information is included on a report you have written , which is published ) instead , you will be sent an invitation via your BMJ account and if you accept such invitation you may choose to communicate through these means .
All users As you browse our websites , we collect information about your use of the site including but not limited to traffic data and location data .
Essentially this will normally be which pages you have visited , how long you stay online and where you are located .
We will not be able to identify who you are from the information we store , but we will be able to identify where you are located - ( see point 1.7 below ) .
What else do we collect when you use one of our websites ?
Each time you use the internet , an Internet Protocol ( IP ) address is assigned to your computer or internet-capable device via the internet service provider .
This number may either be the same or different each time you access the internet .
Each time your computer or internet-capable device requests information from one of our websites , we log your IP address on our server .
We may also log operating systems and browser types for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information .
We may use this in order to gather information about the website traffic and usage .
To clarify , whether you are a registered user or not , our web server collects certain information including ( a ) IP address ; ( b ) host names ( c ) domain name ( d ) time and date information as requested ( e ) the browser version and platform when it is requested , ( f ) a record of which pages have been requested ( g ) location data from your IP address .
Location data may be necessary for us to geo-block or regionalise our website content or services .
If you contact us , we may keep a record of that correspondence and use it to contact you and/or to update our records .
We may use all information we obtain to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorised access , use , activity and/or copying , either personally or via third party contractors and advisors .
This may involve using your name and subscription details on a database with other publishers ' data for detection purposes .
What else do we use personal information for ?
Other than for fulfilling our obligations to you ( where these exist ) , on some occasions we use the information you provide to produce aggregate statistics in relation to pages being accessed .
We may also use it to monitor usage patterns on our websites in order to improve navigation and design features and to help you get information more easily .
This information is provided to us as daily log files .
In order to help us develop our websites and our services , we may provide such aggregate information to third parties .
The statistics however will not include any information that can be used to identify any individual .
We may contact you to notify you about changes to our service .
We also may send you non marketing emails which includes for internal record keeping and to improve our services and/or for the purpose of inviting you to partake in surveys or market research which we conduct or which third parties are conducting .
In addition to responding to complaints or claims received or discovered referred to above or any breaches of our Website Terms and Conditions , we may use all information supplied or collected on our Websites to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorised access , use , activity and/or copying , either personally or via third party contractors and advisors and/or protect the rights , property , or personal safety other users of the websites and the public .
This may involve using any details supplied by you including your name and contact details .
How long do we keep the information we collect ?
We keep ( including via our contractors )
your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil our obligations to you and to protect our legal interests or as otherwise stated to you when such data is collected .
To whom will information be disclosed ?
Other than as expressly agreed by you or stated when data is collected or stated within this policy we will not disclose your personal data to any third parties other than :  ( i ) to third parties authorised by us such as our co-owners ( where applicable ) , licensors , contractors and advisors who must keep this data confidential .
For the International Forum on Quality and Safety and certain other BMJ services , this may include transferring your data outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) including to the USA .
This may also be the case for other co-owners or licensors ;  ( ii ) as required for conferences such as to venue organisers who may be outside of the EEA or where you agree with an exhibitor or sponsor to be scanned at a conference and in which case your name , work details and all contact details will be supplied to them ;  ( iii ) as required to enforce our legal rights ( including property , safety , our customers or others ) ;  
( iv ) fraud protection and credit risk reduction ;  ( v ) where you have opted for a publication of service which allows you to select a third party to see data you submit such as mentors for BMJ Quality Improvement or another BMJ service ;  ( vi ) where our company or its assets ( to which your data relates ) are to be acquired by a new company location data may be shared ;  ( vii ) in the case of BMJ Learning and BMJ Portfolio only to the BMA in relation to the fact that you have signed up for access to BMJ Learning , the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  ( viii ) in the case of registered GP 's in New Zealand who are official members of the Royal New Zealand College of GP 's , whilst we have an agreement with them , details of modules
you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  ( ix ) in the case of registered GPs in Denmark , who are official members of the Danish Medical Association , whilst we have an agreement with them , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  
( x ) in the case of users whose access is provided by Harmoni , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;  
in the case that you are registered with the BMJ Learning Iraq channel then we may provide your personal data , including details of your usage of the site , including the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules to the Iraq Ministry of Health ;  ( xii ) to any member of our group , which means our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company , the BMA ; and ( xiii ) where we have your consent to do so , to third parties for the purposes of providing marketing communications to you .
How personal information stored and protected Your personal data is stored in our databases or those of our contractors which is only available to our web administrators and our contractors and selected authorised people on a password protected basis ( except where referred to in the final paragraph of Clause 1.3herein ) .
The data that we collect from you ( or which you supply to us by email or otherwise ) may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside of the EEA who work for us or are of our suppliers .
Such staff may be engaged in among other things , hosting the fulfilment of your order , processing of your payment details and the provision of support services by submitting your personal data , you agree to this transfer , storing or process .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely by us and our contractors and in accordance with this privacy policy .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
Please do not share your password ( s ) with anyone .
Security We understand that the security of your information is important to you .
We also understand that our continued success as a publisher on the web relies on our ability to communicate with you in a secure manner .
We adhere to the highest standards of decency , fairness , and integrity in our operations .
We use several measures to authenticate your identity when you visit our site .
We also take steps to protect your information as it travels the internet , and to make sure all information is as secure as possible against unauthorised access and use ( for example , by hackers ) .
We review our security measures regularly .
Despite our best efforts , and the best efforts of other firms , " perfect security " does not exist on the internet , or anywhere else .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site ; any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
You should not share your user name and password with other people .
If you think you might lose or forget these identifiers , write them down and keep each in a separate place .
Any email between you and the BMJ is not encrypted .
The information we collect about people visiting the site is stored in secure environments that are not available to any other individual or party without our consent .
We have mechanisms in place to protect data .
One such mechanism is called a " firewall. "  
A firewall is a barrier that allows only authorised traffic through .
It safeguards our computer systems and your information .
We also use system and application logs to track all access .
We review these logs periodically and investigate any anomalies or discrepancies .
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a website .
Cookies are widely used by websites to help remember small amounts of information and give you a better experience using the website .
For example , a cookie will help the website to recognise your device the next time you visit so you do n't have to log on again , they will remember what items you placed in a shopping basket or recall your preferences such as which language you want to read a site in .
Certain cookies contain a limited amount of personal information .
For example , if you click remember me when logging in , a cookie will store your username .
Most cookies wo n't collect information that identifies you , and will instead collect more general information to help us analyse how well our website is performing overall so we can try and improve it .
How we use Cookies BMJ uses cookies on most of our websites to perform different functions .
These are grouped into four main categories :  Technically Necessary Cookies
Some essential functions of our websites are only possible if information is stored persistently between each page you look at .
For instance , if you log in to a site to access subscriber only content , we use a cookie to remember that you are logged in , so you do not have to enter your details on each page you visit .
In order to allow you as an individual , or our institutional customers , to customise our products and websites , we need to remember who you are and what you want .
We use cookies to record your preferences regarding website appearance , what content you 've already read , and to present the information that is most relevant to you .
Performance Monitoring Cookies We utilise other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance .
This allows us to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise .
When we send marketing emails to users who have chosen to receive them , we use a cookie that lets us track the success of campaigns .
We may use this information to determine which of our emails are more interesting to users , or to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them .
We do n't use cookies to find out how specific individuals use our products , only to gather general statistics that can help us give you a better experience .
Third Party Cookies BMJ websites sometimes integrate with other companies ' sites .
For example , we integrate with social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook , to make it easier for you to share what you have read .
These sites place their own cookies on your browser as a result of us including their icons and like ' or share ' buttons on our sites .
Like most commercial publishers we also sell advertising space , or banner ads ' on some of our websites .
These ads are served directly from a 3rd party advertising broker .
They place cookies on your browser in order to track how many people have seen a particular ad , and for other technical reasons .
How to remove or block Cookies
Your internet browser has tools that allow you to remove or block cookies .
More information can be found here : http :
What will happen if I block BMJ Cookies ?
Depending on which cookies you block , the site may stop working , or certain features may stop working correctly .
If the cookies marked below as technically necessary ' are blocked , the site will probably not be usable .
The list below shows the majority of cookies on used on our sites , or set by third parties from our sites .
The list is subject to change .
Further Information _utma , _utmb , _utmc , _utmz Performance Monitoring , Third party cookies Google Analytics sets these cookies .
They are used for general aggregated usage statistics https : //developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies APISID , SAPISID , SID , SS , SSID Third party Cookies
This is used by the Google +1 recommendation service AT Technically Necessary
This is used to handle authentication on some products adestra_ctrk
This is used to track how many people open and respond to marketing emails http : //www.adestra.com/home/cookie-policy/ adestra_ctrk_pref Third party Cookies
This is used to indicate if you have opted out of tracking in marketing emails http : //www.adestra.com/home/cookie-policy/ Auth_token , auth_token_session , guest_id , k , pid , t1 , twll Third Party Cookies
These are used by Twitter https : //twitter.com/privacy avr_ [ numeric sequence ]  
This is used by our CDN service , Edgecast , to accelerate content delivery .
http : //www.edgecast.com/privacy.html best-health Performance
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers BIGipServercommunity.bmj.pluck.com- [ numeric sequence ]  
Technically Necessary Used by a Pluck , an online community platform we use on some sites .
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers BMJPortfolio Performance Monitoring
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers c_user , datr , locale , lu , xs
Third Party Cookies Facebook uses these cookies .
We use Facebook buttons to help people share content they find interesting .
?page=176591669064814 clinical-evidence Performance Monitoring We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers D ,
mc Third Party Cookies , Performance Monitoring Quantserve measure site traffic independently .
Web Stats and Traffic Monitoring Demographics , HSID , LOGIN_INFO , PREF , SID , VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Third Party Cookies Youtube use these cookies .
We use YouTube to distribute videos on some of our sites .
/intl/en/policies/
Our websites use this to indicate if javascript is working on your browser I18N_LANGUAGE Customisation and Personalisation
Some of our websites use this to store your language preference ICSMarker Technically Necessary
Our websites use this to enable single sign on across our products , so you do n't have to log in on each of our sites in turn .
Technically Necessary Customisation and Personalisation
Our Java based websites use this for a wide range of technical purposes NSC
[ alphabetical sequence ]  
Our load balancers use this cookie to help direct traffic between different back end servers NXCLICK2 , OAX Third Party Cookies Realmedia , our advertising partner , use this cookie to serve appropriate banner ads http :
247realmedia.com/EN-US/privacy-policy.html qualityid Technically Necessary Used by one of our sites for session handling SiteLifeHost Technically Necessary Used by Pluck , and online community platform we use on some sites Uuid , uvc Third Party Cookie Used by Lockerz , a social networking website http :
//support.lockerz.com/entries/515589-privacy-policy X-HighWire-Backend Technically Necessary Used by Highwire Press , who deliver our journal sites 6 .
Please contact us if any of the data we hold about you becomes inaccurate and if you have any queries or concerns about the data we are holding about you .
Also we welcome your feedback about what you like or do n't like about our sites .
Your feedback is stored on a secure internal system that allows the appropriate person to respond to you .
Please contact us through our Contact us section .
Linking to external sites Occasionally , you will encounter links to other sites that are not related to the BMJ .
Please be aware that once you click to one of these sites , you are subject to that site 's privacy policy and not to ours .
You may wish to review the privacy policy for each site you visit .
Your consent By submitting your information , you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy .
You should review this policy regularly , to note any changes as to how we collect and use personal information .
Thank you for reviewing this information .
If you have any questions , please send us an e-mail through our Contact us section .
View Policy as a PDF http : //group.bmj.com/group/about/legal/privacy/privacy-and-cookie-policy-august-2013.pdf
Last updated 03/09/13 NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS , INC.
PRIVACY POLICY GENERAL INFORMATION Nuance Communications , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( " Nuance " ) provides this Privacy Policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) to help you understand how we collect , use and disclose information , including personal information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain as our products and services are used .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , so please check back with us periodically .
This Privacy Policy applies to www.nuance.com ( " Website " ) and to certain Nuance products , and services , including those for consumer use ( " Nuance Products " ) .
This Privacy Policy explains Nuance 's information practices including :  How Nuance uses the personal information you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship .
What personal information , if any , Nuance may share about you and the conditions we use to protect your information if it must be shared .
Other things you should know about privacy and Nuance . "
Personal Information " includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify , contact , or locate you or a specific individual .
By using the Website or Nuance Products , you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Nuance consistent with applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy which is expressly incorporated into any applicable Website or Nuance Product Terms of Use or End-User License Agreement .
You also represent to us that you have any and all authorizations necessary to use these Nuance Products including using them to process Personal Information .
Nuance collects and uses the information you provide to us , including information obtained from your use of this Website or a Nuance Product .
We may use or share Personal Information ( e.g. , name , address , telephone number , email address , and location ) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do .
Also , we may use the information that we collect for our internal purposes to develop , tune , enhance , and improve our products and services , and for advertising and marketing consistent with this Privacy Policy .
By using Nuance products and services , you acknowledge , consent and agree that Nuance may collect , process , and use the information that you provide to us and that such information shall only be used by Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance , pursuant to confidentiality agreements , to develop , tune , enhance , and improve Nuance services and products .
Nuance will not use the contents of any communications provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above .
Nuance collects and uses information from you in several ways :  Website or Nuance Product Usage .
Nuance ( or Nuance vendors and suppliers ) may observe your activities , preferences , and transactional data ( such as your IP address and browser type ) as well as related usage behavior depending on whether you are using our Website or a particular Nuance Product .
We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Website or product .
While we may collect or log this information , we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information unless or except if we believe doing so will help us better respond to a request you have made .
Where such non-Personal Information is linked to your Personal Information we will treat such information as Personal Information .
For clarity , when we refer to usage of Website or Nuance Product Usage Data in this section , we do not mean the contents of your voice data or text and related data derived from the contents of your communications using Nuance Products .
For information about specific Nuance Products , please see specific privacy notices directed to such products .
Certain Nuance Products require you to enter Speech Data in order to use and derive the benefits of the particular product .
These Nuance Products collect and process the Speech Data you input into the Nuance Products .
Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance , pursuant to confidentiality agreements , use the Speech Data to develop , tune , enhance , and improve Nuance services and products .
Nuance will not use the contents of any Speech Data provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above . "
Speech Data " means the audio files , associated text and transcriptions and log files provided by you hereunder or generated in connection with Nuance Products .
Speech Data may include Personal Information .
You may be asked to share Personal Information such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address when you make purchases , seek customer or technical support or otherwise interact with Nuance .
When you shop online or buy direct from Nuance , these purchase transactions may be conducted through Nuance vendors and suppliers .
Vendors and suppliers engaged by Nuance on behalf of Nuance may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy , contractual restrictions , and applicable law .
Nuance ( through its vendors or suppliers ) may limit the acceptance of orders to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law .
You may also make purchases of Nuance Products ; seek customer or technical support through Nuance 's distributors or service providers .
In these circumstances , the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the distributor or service provider or a third-party partner on their website , which will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information .
Product Registration & Technical Support .
Nuance may allow customers to register products online or through similar ways .
Personal Information or data provided for such purposes may be used to carry out the request , service , or agreement for which the information is submitted .
With your consent , we may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the Website or Application ( such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach ) , new Nuance products and services , and special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you .
If you register , we may ask for , among other things , your name , address , email , telephone number , type of product purchased , or other product-identifying information .
Failure to register any Nuance product will not diminish the rights you have under the applicable product warranty .
Online Promotions , Contests and Sweepstakes .
You may be asked to provide an email address or screen name , or other Personal Information , for entry into a particular promotion , including sweepstakes and contests , so that we can let you know if you won a prize .
The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion , contest or sweepstakes will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations .
Certain promotions , contests or sweepstakes may be run by a Nuance service provider or vendor or co-branded with one of our partners .
In these instances the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the service provider or vendor or a third-party partner on their website .
The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information if they should differ from this Privacy Policy .
The Nuance Website and Nuance Consumer Products are not directed at children .
If you are under 18 or otherwise would be required to have parent or guardian consent to share information with Nuance , you should not send any information about yourself to us .
As required by law , if a person under 13 submits information through any part of a Nuance Website or a Nuance Product , and we learn the person submitting the information is such a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible .
As mentioned in the beginning of this Privacy Policy , Nuance may share Personal Information within Nuance to fulfill its obligations to you and operate its business consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection law .
In addition to what is expressly stated in this Privacy Policy , we may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations :  Nuance Affiliates , Vendors and Suppliers .
Nuance works with many affiliated third parties , vendors , distributors , and suppliers .
To the extent it is necessary for these groups to provide their products and services to us and provide products and services you have requested , these third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information .
Nuance may also sometimes permit our authorized service providers to have access to aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related Website or Application information .
These transfers of aggregate statistics do not involve Personal Information or data .
Recruitment and Job Applications .
Residents of the United States may provide us with Personal Information through our Website .
Personal information such as that contained on a resume or curriculum vitae may be submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry .
We may use this information throughout Nuance ( worldwide ) for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry .
We may keep your information on file for future consideration .
Nuance offers a variety of services and functions through its Websites ( " Nuance Services " ) .
Personal Information that is collected through a Website may be used and/or disclosed to third parties in order to enable us to provide Nuance Services .
For example , the Nuance Website may allow you to interface with a third party website or application .
To facilitate that connection , we may use your Personal Information and/or disclose your Personal Information to third parties .
Any information disclosed in public areas of a Nuance Website or to the extent possible in a Nuance Product or other website ( Facebook , YouTube , Twitter , etc. )  will become public information .
We can not control the use of information disclosed in public forums , such as forums , bulletin boards , blogs , chat rooms , and networking functions of mobile-device applications .
You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas , and be careful how you disclose your Personal Information .
Content posted in public areas of the Nuance Website or Nuance Products , including advice and opinions , represent the views and is the responsibility of those who post the content .
Nuance does not necessarily endorse , support , verify , or agree with the content posted .
Mergers , Acquisitions , and Insolvency .
If Nuance should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Nuance should decide to buy , sell , or reorganize some part or all of its business , Nuance may be required to disclose your Personal Information and Speech Data to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions
As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures .
Nuance may be required to disclose your Personal Information and Speech Data if it : ( i ) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process ( such as a court order , subpoena , search warrant , etc. )  or other legal requirements of any governmental authority , ( ii ) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit , ( iii ) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property , or ( iv ) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others .
If Nuance learns of a security system 's breach , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using this Website or a Nuance Product or providing Personal Information to us , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of this Website or Nuance Product .
Nuance may post a notice on this Website if a security breach occurs .
If this happens , you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Nuance Website or Application .
Nuance may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances or communicate with you by other means if we can .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
This Website or Nuance Product may contain links to third-party websites , however , please be aware that Nuance is not responsible for and can not control the privacy practices of these other websites .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other websites , as they may differ from ours .
This Website or Nuance Product also contains links to co-branded websites that may display Nuance 's logo and trademarks but which are maintained by third parties .
Such websites may be identified by the fact that they do not display a " Nuance.com " URL .
Please read the privacy policy on the co-branded website for the applicable privacy practices relating to personal information collected via that website , as it may differ from this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Nuance on its Website or through Nuance Products .
Because Nuance operates globally , we may transfer your Personal Information and Speech Data within our global operations to fulfill our obligations to you , but always subject to the limitations of applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy .
Privacy laws differ across the globe .
To help visitors whose native language may not be English understand our privacy practices , we may provide special information on our Privacy Policies that may be applicable to these visitors in different languages .
Nuance entities outside the United States may have supplemental privacy policies that may apply in those countries .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , including those whose privacy laws may be more strict than U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States to Nuance .
By providing your personal data you consent to that transfer and processing .
When you provide Nuance with Personal Information , we may communicate with you using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you .
Department of Commerce 's website at : http : //export.gov/safeharbor/ .
When Nuance receives formal written complaints , it is Nuance 's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns .
We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that can not be resolved between Nuance and an individual .
If in the future we change our Privacy Policy , we will post the new Privacy Policy on this Website or Application .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future .
Your continued use of this Website or Nuance Product following a change in the Privacy Policy represents consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law .
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please email us at privacy @
nuance.com or write to us at : Nuance Communications One Wayside Road Burlington , MA , 01748 USA Attention :
Legal Department- Privacy Updated : July 2011
MakeupAlley is committed to protecting the privacy of our users .
We sometimes collect personal information from our users .
MakeupAlley maintains the confidentiality , security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users .
We do not disclose personal information to any outside party .
When registering for MakeupAlley.com or any of its related services , we ask you to provide certain personal information .
This information is for internal use only and will not be distributed or sold to any parties outside MakeupAlley .
We strive to create contests and content which require a very minimal amount of information from our users .
Our online surveys and contests sometimes ask users for contact information ( like their email addresses ) or information about their hobbies or interests .
This information is also only for internal purposes and will not be shared with any party outside MakeupAlley .
You should be aware that when you are on MakeupAlley.com you might be directed to other sites that are beyond our control .
Every site on the web has a different privacy policy and different policies regarding your personal information .
The privacy policies and the practices of sites outside of MakeupAlley.com and all of its services are beyond our control .
It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policies of any and all websites you visit on the world wide web .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information .
Always be aware of where you end up on the web .
By using this site , you signify your assent to the MakeupAlley privacy policy .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our site .
Your continued use of our site following posted changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes .
You can send email to us with any further questions .
At MakeupAlley , we recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy .
We use the information we collect on our site to provide you with a superior experience .
When you register , we will ask you to set up an account , which includes your name , e-mail address and optionally your mailing address and various beauty related questions .
In addition , we ask that you indicate whether you would like to receive e-mail from MakeupAlley or sponsors or partners keeping you informed of news or features .
We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release .
We will not give , sell , rent , or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party , unless legally required to do so .
We may share non-personal , summary , or aggregate data with partners and other third parties .
Cleveland Clinic 's mission is , and always will be , Patients First .
We understand , acknowledge and respect any individual 's right to privacy and the concerns one may have in regard to privacy and security .
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided by our patients , as well as , general users of our website .
The Cleveland Clinic Notice of Privacy Practices is a separate document that governs how medical information about you may be used and disclosed by Cleveland Clinic .
IF THIS IS A MEDICAL EMERGENCY , PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL EMERGENCY PERSONNEL ( 911 )
TO GET PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION .
DO NOT RELY ON ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE IN REGARD TO YOUR IMMEDIATE , URGENT MEDICAL NEEDS .
THIS E-MAIL IS NOT DESIGNED TO FACILITATE MEDICAL EMERGENCIES .
IF YOU CHOOSE TO USE THIS E-MAIL IN THE EVENT OF A MEDICAL EMERGENCY .
A visitor can access and browse our entire site at any time without providing any personal information .
We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it .
In addition , Cleveland Clinic does not share any personally identifiable information of any individual with any third party unrelated to Cleveland Clinic , except in situations where we must provide information for legal purposes or investigations , or if so directed by the patient through a proper authorization .
Forms Our website contains forms through which users may request information or supply feedback to us .
In some cases , telephone numbers , email addresses or return addresses are required so that we can supply requested information to you , and in other cases , correct names and addresses are required to process credit card payments .
After you fill out a form , we may contact you with follow-up information ( unless you have checked an " opt-out " box on the form ) .
We do not provide any information supplied on our web forms to any outside organization for any reason ( other than where we may be required to by law , or as necessary to process credit card information ) .
We do not save this personal information for any other reason .
Surveys Occasionally , we may survey visitors to our site .
The information from these surveys is used in aggregate form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site .
We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you .
If we do request contact information for follow-up , you may decline to provide it .
If survey respondents provide personal information ( such as an email address ) in a survey , it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request .
Email " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an email that looks like it is from Cleveland Clinic asking you for your personal information , do not respond .
We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email .
In the event you access any Service requiring a User Name and Password , you are solely responsible for keeping such User Name and Password strictly confidential .
Cleveland Clinic collects non-personal information such as website usage , traffic patterns , site performance and related statistics based on our tracking of your visits to the website .
The Web server automatically collects the IP ( which stands for Internet Protocol ) address of the computers that access our site .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet .
It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer .
We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors .
Please note that although such information is not personally identifiable , we can determine from an IP address a visitor 's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity .
We collect information about visitors to our site using " first party cookies , which are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser .
Cookies are never associated with specific personal identities .
First party cookies are distinct from third party cookies that they are created and directly served by the company hosting the website .
We use two types of cookies on this site :  We use persistent cookies to recognize a repeat visitor , enabling us the opportunity to offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit .
We use session cookies to track a visitor 's path through our site during a visit , to help us understand how people use our site .
You can delete our cookies at any time .
The " help " section , located on the toolbar of most browsers , will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether .
Since cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our website 's best features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
Please note that our forms are encrypted to protect your privacy .
Once the information is sent to our site , it is kept in secure databases where it is not available to users on the Internet .
While we sometimes ask for credit card numbers or certain service transactions , and either pass them on to a credit card processing service or process them manually , we do not store credit card numbers online .
Cleveland Clinic periodically reviews and modifies , where appropriate , its security policies and procedures .
We use reasonable care to protect your personally identifiable and confidential information provided by you to our site .
Cleveland Clinic has in place a security program that seeks to mitigate this risk substantially .
MATERIALS , SERVICES AND OTHER INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED AS IS BY CLEVELAND CLINIC FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY .
CLEVELAND CLINIC MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO ,
ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE , TITLE OR NON INFRINGEMENT .
THAT , BY ITS VERY NATURE , A WEBSITE CANNOT BE
PROTECTED AGAINST INTENTIONAL OR MALICIOUS INTRUSION ATTEMPTS .
FURTHERMORE , CLEVELAND CLINIC DOES NOT CONTROL THE DEVICES OR COMPUTERS OR
YOU MAY CHOOSE TO SEND CONFIDENTIAL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CANNOT ,
THEREFORE , PREVENT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS OF COMPROMISES TO YOUR INFORMATION
WHILE IN TRANSIT TO CLEVELAND CLINIC .
THEREFORE , CLEVELAND CLINIC HEREBY MAKES NO GUARANTEE
AS TO SECURITY , INTEGRITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY INFORMATION
OR FROM THIS WEBSITE , OR
BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CARE TO SAFEGUARD
WHILE IN TRANSIT , CLEVELAND CLINIC CANNOT AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ABSOLUTE SECURITY OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
SINCE ANY TRANSMISSION MADE OVER THE INTERNET BY ANY ORGANIZATION OR ANY INDIVIDUAL RUNS THE RISK OF INTERCEPTION .
IN ADDITION , WE HEREBY MAKE NO GUARANTEE AS TO SECURITY , INTEGRITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY INFORMATION
OR FROM THIS WEBSITE , OR
YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF TRANSMITTING YOUR INFORMATION
AS IT RELATES TO THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE , AND FOR ANY DATA CORRUPTIONS , INTENTIONAL INTERCEPTIONS , INTRUSIONS OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO INFORMATION ,
OR OF ANY DELAYS ,
IN NO EVENT SHALL CLEVELAND
CLINIC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL OR MONETARY DAMAGES , INCLUDING FEES , AND PENALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF MATERIALS
POSTED ON THIS SITE OR CONNECTIVITY
TO OR FROM THIS SITE
TO ANY OTHER SITE .
CLEVELAND CLINIC MAY CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU .
Other services provided by Cleveland Clinic on this Website may require you to agree to additional terms .
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of information gathered through our Web site , please contact our Webmaster at webmail @ ccf.org .
Last updated : 3/18/2009 Copyright 2000-2013 Cleveland Clinic .
This website is owned and operated by 24 Hour Fitness USA , Inc .
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , feel free to email us at cpm @
24hourfit.com , or contact us by mail at the following address : 24 Hour Fitness P.O .
Box 2689 Carlsbad , CA 92018 1.2 Scope .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through electronic or digital means , including our website located at www.
24hourfitness.com , certain 24 Hour Fitness affiliated sites accessible through this website , such as mystore.
24hourfitness.com , our mobile website , and mobile applications , our social media pages located at https :
//twitter.com/24hourfitness , http : //www.youtube.com/user/24HourFitnessInc , http : //www.linkedin.com/company/24-hour-fitness , http :
//pinterest.com/24hourfitness , http : //instagram.com/24hourfitness , https : //plus.google.com/+24hourfitness and https : //foursquare.com/24hourfitness , and other electronic and digital means of communication ( collectively referred to in this Policy as our Digital Properties ) .
Unless disclosed otherwise , our affiliated sites are governed by this Privacy Policy .
Our Digital Properties also contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by 24 Hour Fitness .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Digital Properties and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not attempt to register at 24 Hour Fitness or provide any personally identifiable information about yourself to us .
If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will promptly delete that information .
If you believe we might have any information from a child under the age of 13 , please email us at cpm @
24hourfit.com , or contact us by mail at the following address : 24 Hour Fitness P.O .
Box 2689 Carlsbad , CA 92018 1.4 Terms of Use .
Please note that your use of our Digital Properties is also subject to our Terms of Use , or other applicable End User License Agreements associated with such Digital Properties .
2.1 Information You Provide Us .
You can provide information to us through various means using our Digital Properties .
The information we collect includes personally identifiable information , such as your name , home address , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , and email address , and social media account ID .
You may also provide non-personally identifiable information , for example , demographic information , such as gender and date of birth , or the name of your employer or school .
You can also provide demographic information , such as gender and date of birth .
The information we collect may include the following : Name Home address Home / mobile telephone number Work telephone number Email address Gender Date of birth Credit , debit or other payment account number and related information and employment verification Health related information ( as explained below )
For corporate sponsored program participants
For health insurance related program participants : Insurance Information For school-related programs : name of School or Group
For children enrolled in Kid 's Club : we collect from the parent/legal guardian , the name , date of birth , parent/legal guardian contact information , list of known allergies , and physical description ( hair and eye color )
During the My24 online account creation process you will select a user name and password .
If you purchase any products or services through our Digital Properties we collect your credit card or debit card number and related information , as applicable .
For retail online accounts , we maintain your order status , order history and other information through your mystore account .
We collect information from you when you purchase a membership and other services from us , including when you use our My24 mobile app to purchase a membership and other services .
If you sign up for a free day pass to our clubs , you will provide us your name , email address and telephone number , as well as non-personally identifiable information including your birthdate .
2.2 Log Information We Collect from You Automatically .
We collect certain information automatically as you use our Digital Properties , including your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , browser type , computer type , type of mobile device ( if used ) , the carrier for your mobile device , your computer operating system , the version of the Digital Properties that you access , the site from where you navigated to our Digital Properties , time and date of using the Digital Properties , whether you are a repeat visitor , how long you use the Digital Properties and the pages on or using our Digital Properties that you view .
This information is anonymous , and we do not link it to your personally identifiable information .
When you visit or use our Digital Properties we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device .
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website .
When you visit the website again , the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser .
Cookies may store unique identifiers , user preferences and other information .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some website features or services may not function properly without cookies .
We use cookies to improve the quality of our service , including for storing user preferences , tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you .
We may use " pixel tags , " which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of our websites .
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server .
When corresponding with you via HTML capable email , we may use " format sensing " technology , which allows pixel tags to let us know whether you received and opened our email .
We may collect the physical location of your device by , for example , using satellite , cell phone tower , WiFi signals or your IP address .
We may use your device 's physical location to provide you with location-based services and content .
We may also share your device 's physical location , combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect , with our marketing service providers to enable them to provide you with more localized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns .
You may be able to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device 's location by changing your device 's location settings , but if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing , we and our marketing service providers may not be able to provide you with the location-based services and content .
We may aggregate personally identifiable information .
Aggregated information is not personally identifiable information because it does not identify and is not associated with you or any other user of our Digital Properties .
To Provide Products , Services , and Information .
As described above , we collect information from you so that we can provide products and services that you purchase using the Digital Properties and information that you request from us .
We use your personally identifiable information to : Set-up your membership Provide services and products to you Process payments for your membership and services , including credit card , debit card and bank account debit ( ACH ) transactions
Contact you regarding your membership and services , and other administrative information Respond to your inquiries , comments , reviews and ratings 3.2 Retail Online Account .
When you create an online account for retail purchases , you can store your personally identifiable information and use it later when using our Digital Properties or purchasing products on or using our Digital Properties .
You can also view your current orders and order history .
If you sign-up to receive newsletters or other communications from us , we use your email address and other relevant personally identifiable information to provide the newsletters and other communications to you .
You can always opt-out of receiving email newsletters or advertisements by using the opt-out feature provided with the email communications .
We use your information to provide advertisements and promotional information relating to products and services that we provide or otherwise offer for sale .
We use cookies to track your activity on our Digital Properties so we can provide this advertising to you .
3.5 Our Business Purposes .
We may use your information for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , fraud monitoring and prevention , developing new products and services , enhancing , improving or modifying our Digital Properties , identifying usage trends , determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities .
We may use non-personally identifiable information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
In some instances , we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( such as associating your name with your employer if you are a participant in a corporate sponsored program ) , in which case we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined .
4.1 Our Third Party Service Providers .
We may share your information with our third party service providers and agents who provide services such as website hosting , data analysis , payment processing , order fulfillment , information technology and related infrastructure provision , customer service , email delivery , text messaging , credit card or other payment account processing , auditing and similar services .
Contracts with our service providers require them to keep information confidential .
4.2 Advertising and Third Party Advertisers .
We may use third party service providers to display ads on our behalf on our Digital Properties and third party sites not affiliated with 24 Hour Fitness .
If you view a web page where our ads appear , the advertising company may place a cookie on your computer or use a Web beacon to access a cookie that they previously placed on your computer .
These companies do not collect information that can personally identify you , but they may use information about your visits to our Digital Properties and other websites to measure the effectiveness of ads .
We do not disclose any personally identifiable information to these companies .
We may share aggregate Digital Properties usage information with third party advertisers and partners for the purpose of effectively targeting our online advertisements .
Unless you are previously notified , these advertising companies do not link any online behavior or cookies with other information that can be used to personally identify you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
These third party advertising networks also track visitors ' online usage and behavior patterns .
These companies may use information about your visits to our Digital Properties and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our Digital Properties and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
The result of these efforts is the creation of an online profile that attempts to predict individual user interests , preferences and purchasing habits .
The third party advertising networks then accordingly customize the advertising content served to users when visiting other websites .
At this time we do not respond to browser ' do not track ' signals , as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted .
Third parties , including our service providers , may collect information about your online activities over time and across different Web sites , including when you visit our Web site .
You can learn about how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services by visiting www.aboutads.info .
The Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) is a self-regulatory organization that provides educational content and opt-out tools to help Internet users learn about and address online interest-based behavioral marketing practices .
For more information please visit the DAA website at http : //www.aboutads.info .
4.3 Legal Requests or Requirements and to Prevent Harm .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Digital Properties .
We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity , to prevent imminent bodily harm , or to prevent harm to 24 Hour Fitness , the Digital Properties , our members or other individuals .
This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , courts , or other government entities .
4.4 Sharing by You .
If you post comments , information or other materials on our message boards , blogs , social media pages or other services , please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information and may be available to users of the Digital Properties and to the general public .
We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information , or any other information , on the Digital Properties .
4.5 Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control .
If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Digital Properties to a third party , we may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new owner to be used consistent with this Privacy Policy .
4.6 Other Sharing of Non-
We may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
In some instances , we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( such as associating your name with your employer if you are a participant in a corporate sponsored program ) , in which case we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined .
You can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by signing into your account and going to the member information area of our Digital Properties .
If you have questions about personally identifiable information we have about you or need to update your information , you can email us at cpm @
24hourfitcom , or contact us by mail at the following address : 24 Hour Fitness P.O .
Box 2689 Carlsbad , CA 92018 You can opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from 24 Hour Fitness by accessing your membership information online at www.
24hourfitness.com/MemberServices or by using the opt-out or unsubscribe feature contained in the e-mails .
To opt-out of other means of marketing communications , including telephone , text or other electronic communications from 24 Hour Fitness , contact Member Services at 1-800-432-6348 .
You can close your online retail shopping account by contacting us .
If you close your account , we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties .
We may , however , retain a copy of the information for archival purposes , and to avoid identity theft or fraud .
We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
If you opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us , we may still send you administrative messages so that you continue to receive important information ( for example , transactional messages relating to your membership , purchases and club information ) .
We use industry standard physical , technical and administrative security measures to protect your information .
Our employees have access to your personally identifiable information only on a need to know basis .
Contracts with our third party service providers require them to keep information confidential .
Sensitive data ( such as a credit card number ) is protected by SSL encryption when it is transmitted between your web browser and our Digital Properties .
However , no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the Questions section above .
Please note that emails you send to us through our Digital Properties are not encrypted , and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these mean If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to the Privacy Policy on our homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Digital Properties .
Your use of the Digital Properties following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
SDSU Career Services is committed to maintaining good privacy practices regarding electronic personal information for all our users .
All data collected for our job listing/resume database and on-campus recruiting services are stored on NACElink secure servers .
Information collected is used to provide and tailor services to our users .
It is also used to construct aggregate reports that assist us in program planning .
The system for providing the job listing/resume database and the on-campus recruiting service uses cookies and may collect system information such as IP address and browser version .
This system is provided by SDSU Career Services in partnership with two non-profit associations the National Association of Colleges and Employers ( NACE ) and DirectEmployers Association , Inc .
All privacy policies for our partners have been reviewed by Career Services and are accessible through the links at the bottom of each page of our website .
NACElink does not review job postings .
Neither NACE , Symplicity ( the software provider ) , nor DirectEmployers ( for the NACElink Alumni Network ) review job postings on individual school web sites or nacelink.com .
Site users are urged to validate job postings and use caution and common sense when applying .
Do not disclose Social Security numbers , credit card information , or bank account numbers with unknown employers .
Collection and access to student information is governed by campus and federal policy under the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( SDSU FERPA statement ) , as well as the SDSU Acceptable Use Policy and Computing Security Policy .
All of our users ' information is considered confidential and its use is restricted to SDSU Career Services staff , on an as-needed basis .
If you have any questions , concerns , or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy issues relating to Aztec Career Connection , please contact us .
Students/Alumni You may change or correct your personal information at any time .
Simply login to your account , go to Profile , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted .
Employers You may change or correct your organization and/or contact information at any time .
Simply login to your account , click on Account ( for organization information ) or Profile ( for personal information ) , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted .
If you have any questions or concerns , or need help with modifying personal information on Aztec Career Connection , please contact Yiftach Levy at ylevy @
Privacy and Security Policy NCI complies with requirements for privacy and security established by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) , Department of Health and Human Services ( DHHS ) , and the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
This page outlines our privacy and security policy as they apply to our site as well as third party sites and applications that NCI uses ( for example , Facebook , YouTube ) .
Your Visit to the NCI Website Your Visit to NCI on Third-Party Sites
Your visit to the NCI website is private and secure .
When you visit the NCI website , we do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you , unless you choose to explicitly provide it to us .
We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand public use of the site and to make it more useful to visitors .
This page describes the information that is automatically collected and stored .
When you browse through any website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
NCI uses the Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to collect information automatically and continuously .
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to distinguish between new and returning visitors to help make our site more useful to visitors .
However , no personally identifiable information ( PII ) is collected .
The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Adobe Omniture and Google Analytics .
The reports are only available to NCI website managers , members of their Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NCI also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
NCI uses the Foresee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NCI website .
This survey does not collect PII .
Participation in the survey is voluntary .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources on the NCI website as those who take the survey .
Answers to the survey help NCI improve its website to make it easier to use and more responsive to the needs of our visitors .
The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from the ACSI survey .
The reports are available only to NCI website managers , members of their Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NCI retains the data from Adobe Omniture , Google Analytics , and ACSI survey results only as long as required by law or needed to support the mission of the NCI website .
The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a " cookie " to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to " remember " specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of webpages .
Requests to send cookies from NCI 's webpages are designed to collect information about your browser session only ; they do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
We use session cookies for technical purposes such as improving navigation through our website .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our website .
The " session " cookie is not permanently stored on your computer .
The cookie and the information about your visit are automatically destroyed shortly after you close your browser to end the session .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as " Usage Tier 1-Single Session. "  
The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies. "  
The OMB Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use persistent cookies in addition to temporary session cookies .
We use persistent cookies to help us recognize new and returning visitors to the NCI website .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to the NCI website until they expire .
We do not use this technology to identify you or any other individual website visitor .
NCI is running the American Customer Satisfaction Survey ( ACSI ) on the website , which uses " persistent " cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey .
We also use persistent cookies to enable NCI 's Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to measure how new and returning visitors use the NCI website over time .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as " Usage Tier 2 - Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . "  
The policy says , " This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. "  
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources the NCI website provides .
Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at http :
Please note that by following the instructions to opt out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NCI 's website .
You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NCI website .
If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message , form , survey , etc. , we maintain the information only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
For further information about NIH privacy policy , please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacy @
mail.nih.gov , call ( 301 ) 451-3426 , or visit http : //oma.od.nih.gov/ms/privacy/privacyact.html .
NCI does not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personal information about our visitors , unless required for law enforcement or by statute .
NCI 's website is maintained by the U.S. Government .
It is protected by various provisions of Title 18 , U.S. Code .
Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual .
Third-party websites and applications are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NCI .
These include applications hosted on other non-government websites and those embedded on an NCI webpage .
As part of the Open Government Directive , NCI uses a variety of new technologies and social media tools to communicate and interact with our audiences .
Use of some of these applications could cause personally identifiable information ( PII ) to become available or accessible to NCI , regardless of whether NCI solicits or collects it .
The table below lists the websites and applications we use .
If any of these sites or applications collect PII , we describe what is collected and how NCI protects the information .
Third-Party Website and Application
AddThis AddThis allows you to bookmark and share our content on a variety of social media sites .
You do not need to register or provide any personal information .
The AddThis service providers collect non-personal data , including aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NCI , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information .
The reports are password protected and only available to NCI managers , members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff requiring this information to perform their duties .
( See AddThis Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  
Facebook NCI has three Facebook pages-National Cancer Institute ( in English Exit Disclaimer and Spanish Exit Disclaimer ) and National Cancer Institute-Office of Media Relations Exit Disclaimer .
The privacy policies for the Facebook pages are located on these sites .
On each of the NCI Facebook pages , NCI staff posts news and other items of interest to users .
If you have a Facebook account or " Like " NCI Facebook pages , you can post comments or click on the " like " option for individual entries .
If you comment or click on the " like " button , personally identifying information will be visible to NCI staff and other Facebook site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
You can avoid displaying any personally identifiable information by not creating an account , not posting comments , and not clicking on the " like " options in Facebook .
NCI staff does not collect , use , or disclose any information about visitors who comment or " like " the NCI Facebook sites .
Facebook collects and reports on non-personally identifiable information about activities on Facebook pages .
This information is password-protected and only available to NCI managers , members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
( See Facebook Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  
Twitter NCI uses Twitter to send short messages ( up to 140 characters ) or " Tweets " to share information about NCI with our audiences and respond to comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NCI .
While users may read the NCI Twitter feeds without subscribing to them , users who want to subscribe to ( or follow ) NCI Twitter feeds must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com .
To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as name , user name , password , and email address .
You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location , or a picture .
Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com website .
NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never uses the personal information of their Twitter followers .
NCI does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who follow NCI on Twitter .
( See Twitter Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  
YouTube NCI videos introduce you to many different aspects of the research that NCI supports and connect you to our research-based information resources .
Some videos feature stories from researchers , cancer patients , and their caregivers .
Others seek to explain NCI 's major research programs .
Most of these videos are available on NCI 's websites as well .
( See YouTube.com Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer. )  
To be notified when NCI adds new videos , users with YouTube accounts can subscribe to the NCIgov channel .
NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and may respond to comments and queries on YouTube , but NCI does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who follow NCI on YouTube .
Disclaimer of Endorsement and Liability Website Linking Policy Privacy Statement
This site keeps all your personal information secret .
Your personal information is not shared with anyone else .
Pavlina LLC has created this privacy statement for StevePavlina.com in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy .
The following statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site .
This site may log your IP address to help diagnose problems with the web server and to administer this web site .
This information is primarily used for general traffic tracking and security .
This site uses cookies to track information about its visitors .
This information includes the date/time of visits , pages viewed , and products ordered .
This site provides order forms for you to buy products .
When you place an order , this site collects contact information ( like your email address ) , and financial information ( like your credit card number ) .
Contact information from the order forms is used only to get in touch with you when necessary .
This includes sending you the product ( s ) you ordered and contacting you if there 's a problem with your order .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for the order .
This site allows visitors to sign up for a free newsletter by providing an email address .
The email address you provide is used only to send you the free newsletter , and you can unsubscribe by clicking a link in any issue of the newsletter .
This site contains links to other sites .
This site and its owner ( s ) are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites .
This site may make chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or newsgroups available to its visitors .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information , so you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under its control .
This site provides a secure server for all credit card orders , securely encrypting all personal data with industry-standard methods .
This site does not store credit card numbers for processed orders .
Last Modified : __ 7/22/11_
______
Welcome to the petMD website ( the Site ) .
Your privacy is important to us and this policy describes what information we collect , how we use it and how it is secured .
You have the choice of : ( i ) just browsing the Site , or ( ii ) buying products or submitting questions to Ask petMD ( the Services ) .
If you ask us to perform any of the Services you will be transmitting information to us that will identify you personally ( Personal Information ) .
Accordingly , we are committed to the following :  When you transmit information from your personal computer to our servers , your information is protected by both a firewall ( a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network ) and industry standard SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption .
Once we receive your transmission , we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your Personal Information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and can not be responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Information .
Additionally , your Personal Information may be stored on servers within or without the United States of America and in a jurisdiction that has data protection laws that are not as strict as those in your country .
We also log in your IP address .
An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the web .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to track the use of the Site .
When visitors request pages from the Site , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site 's policies or to protect our service or customers , the Site , or others .
To create a better experience for you we may also use cookies .
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you 're at the Site .
We never save credit card information in cookies .
The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you 'll find them at most websites .
By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not .
Information such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed is most easily tracked with cookies .
We may use the information from cookies to make improvements and updates to the Site and to tailor our services to our visitors ' needs .
You always have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , please be aware that some features of the Site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit petMD .
The third-party advertising technology that we use on petMD uses information derived from your visits to petMD to target advertising within petMD .
In addition , our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on petMD or other websites .
In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed in your browser .
In addition , petMD may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising .
Web beacons enable petMD to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site .
To " opt-out , " please click here .
The Ask petMD service provides an online question and answer forum and anything submitted in posts may be read , collected , and used by others , and petMD is not responsible for it .
For example , search engines may index your questions , answers , and other posts to allow them to appear in search engine results ( e.g. if someone does a search on google.com , your questions , answers , and other posts on Ask petMD that relate to the search may appear in the google.com search results list ) .
Protect your anonymity by not including your real name or any personally identifying information in your questions , answers , and other posts on Ask petMD .
petMD does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use any of the Services .
If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to use the Services or send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
No one under age 13 may provide any Personal Information to petMD .
In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us here .
petMD uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information .
In addition , the Personal Information you provide will allow us to tailor our advertisements to you , send you electronic messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest .
You may also later choose not to receive these electronic messages .
petMD also uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve static and dynamic advertising , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them .
In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , to tailor our offerings , web pages or game play experience to your preferences or interests .
We may maintain copies of your Personal Information indefinitely , or delete certain information in whole or in part if we determine , in our sole discretion , that such information violates our Terms of Use , or for any or no reason .
We may also disclose personal information to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on petMD .
We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information in the event of a transfer of ownership of petMD or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of petMD related to the business which collected such information , such as acquisition by or merger with another company .
In such an event , petMD will notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the Site for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made that this Privacy Policy has been updated , and by changing the Last Modified date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes .
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
Any questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the contact form here .
Privacy Policy Statement Privacy Policy CureZone takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
CureZone respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use CureZone services .
Individually identifiable information about you is never disclosed to any third party !
CureZone does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or companies .
Your email address is protected on CureZone and the only people who have the access to your email address are the members of the CureZone team .
The members of the CureZone team must have the access to your email address in order to do their job - communicate important messages to you .
Click here for important information about safe surfing from the Federal Trade Commission .
This policy covers how CureZone treats personal information that CureZone collects and receives , including information related to your past use of CureZone services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This policy does not apply to the practices of websites that CureZone does not own or control .
In addition , certain CureZone associated websites such as Google , Amazon , PayPal and Altavista have their own privacy statements which can be viewed by clicking on the links .
Upon your first visit to CureZone , CureZone , like many other web sites , sends a " cookie " to your computer .
A cookie is a small text file containing a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user .
Cookies can not be used to infect your computer with viruses !
Cookies can not be used to collect information about you that you do n't wont to disclose ( name , address , phone , email )  
CureZone uses cookies to improve the quality of our service .
CureZone does this by storing user preferences in cookies .
CureZone will never disclose its cookies to third parties .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Be aware , however , that some parts of the CureZone Service may not function properly if you refuse cookies .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on CureZone displaying Google AdSense for content ads .
When you visit CureZone and either view or click on an ad , a cookie may be dropped on your browser .
The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help Google better serve and manage the ads on CureZone and across the web .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on CureZone .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on the pages you visited on CureZone and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
CureZone does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email , etc. )  except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
CureZone server , just like any other web server , logs and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each page visit .
That information is used to trace web site usage and to provide more relevant services to individual users .
General CureZone collects personal information when you register with CureZone , when you use CureZone forums or when you subscribe for CureZone newsletter .
When you register we ask for information such asemail address , while all other information is optional : your name , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests.
Once you register with CureZone and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
CureZone automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , CureZone cookie information , and the page you request .
CureZone uses information for the following general purposes : to customize & fulfill your requests for services , to improve our services , to contact you and to conduct research .
Children We do not collect any personal information from a child under age 13 .
We do not allow children under age 13 to join curezone forums .
CureZone does not ask a child under age 16 for more personal information ( name , address , phone , ... ) .
Cookies CureZone may set and access CureZone cookies on your computer .
General You can edit your CureZone Account Information , including your email address .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the CureZone service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and special issues of the CureZone Newsletter , that are considered part of your CureZone account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
You can delete all your personal information inside your CureZone account by visiting this page .
But , you can not delete you username .
Certain information , like you email address might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
Children Parents can review , edit , and delete information relating to their child 's CureZone account only with the child 's permission .
If a parent chooses not to allow us to further collect or use a child 's information , parents must contact the webmaster .
We limit access to personal information about you to members of the CureZone team who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at CureZone .
CureZone may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your CureZone account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions or suggestions , please contact webmaster .
Dr. Robert Rey Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information
NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION
ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET
ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION .
PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY .
If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Privacy Contact Rpbert Rey , M.D .
This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment , payment or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law .
It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information .
Protected health information is information about you , including demographic information , that may identify you and that relates to your past , present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services .
We are required to abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices .
We may change the terms of our notice at any time .
The new notice will be effective for all protected health information that we maintain both before and after the change .
Upon your request , we will provide you with any revised Notice of Privacy Practices by calling the office and requesting that a revised copy be sent to you in the mail or asking for one at the time of your next appointment .
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
You will be asked by your physician to sign this Notice of Privacy Practices .
We will make a good faith effort to obtain a written acknowledgement that you received this Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information the first time we provide services to you after April 14 , 2003 or as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances .
Your protected health information may be used and disclosed by your physician , our office staff and others outside of our office that are involved in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you .
Your protected health information may also be used and disclosed to obtain payment for your health care bills and to support the operation of the physician 's practice .
Following are examples of the types of uses and disclosures of your protected health care information that the physician 's office is permitted to make .
These examples are not meant to be exhaustive , but to describe the types of uses and disclosures that may be made by our office .
We will use and disclose your protected health information to provide , coordinate or manage your health care and any related services .
This includes the coordination or management of your health care with a third party that may need access to your protected health information .
For example , we would disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to a home health agency that provides care to you .
We will also disclose protected health information to other physicians who may be treating you .
For example , your protected health information may be provided to a physician to whom you have been referred to ensure that the physician has the necessary information to diagnose or treat you .
In addition , we may disclose your protected health information from time-to-time to another physician or health care provider ( e.g. , a specialist or laboratory ) who , at the request of your physician , becomes involved in your care by providing assistance with your health care diagnosis or treatment to your physician .
Your protected health information will be used , as needed , to obtain payment for your health care services .
This may include certain activities that your health insurance plan may undertake before it approves or pays for the health care services we recommend for you such as : making a determination of eligibility or coverage for insurance benefits , reviewing services provided to you for medical necessity and undertaking utilization review activities .
For example , obtaining approval for a hospital stay may require that your relevant protected health information be disclosed to the health plan to obtain approval for the hospital admission .
We may use or disclose , as needed , your protected health information in order to support the business activities of your physician 's practice .
These activities include , but are not limited to , quality assessment activities , employee review activities , training of medical students , licensing , and conducting or arranging for other business activities .
For example , we may disclose your protected health information to medical school students that see patients at our office .
In addition , we may use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician .
We may also call you by name in the waiting room when your physician is ready to see you .
We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to contact you to remind you of your appointment .
We will share your protected health information with third party business associates that perform various activities ( e.g. , billing , transcription services ) for the practice .
Whenever an arrangement between our office and a business associate involves the use or disclosure of your protected health information , we will have a written contract that contains terms that will protect the privacy of your protected health information .
We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to provide you with information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you .
We may also use and disclose your protected health information for other marketing activities .
For example , your name and address may be used to send you a newsletter about our practice and the services we offer .
We may also send you information about products or services that we believe may be beneficial to you .
You may contact our Privacy Contact to request that these materials not be sent to you .
We may use or disclose your demographic information and the dates that you received treatment from your physician , as necessary , in order to contact you for fundraising activities supported by our office .
If you do not want to receive these materials , please contact our Privacy Contact and request that these fundraising materials not be sent to you .
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Based Upon Your Written Authorization Other uses and disclosures of your protected health information will be made only with your written authorization , unless otherwise permitted or required by law as described below .
You may revoke this authorization , at any time , in writing , except to the extent that your physician or the physician 's practice has taken an action in reliance on the use or disclosure indicated in the authorization .
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Authorization or Opportunity to Object
We may use and disclose your protected health information in the following instances .
You have the opportunity to agree or object to the use or disclosure of all or part of your protected health information .
If you are not present or able to agree or object to the use or disclosure of the protected health information , then your physician may , using professional judgment , determine whether the disclosure is in your best interest .
In this case , only the protected health information that is relevant to your health care will be disclosed .
Unless you object , we will use and disclose in our facility directory your name , the location at which you are receiving care , your condition ( in general terms ) , and your religious affiliation .
All of this information , except religious affiliation , will be disclosed to people that ask for you by name .
Members of the clergy will be told your religious affiliation .
Others Involved in Your Healthcare .
Unless you object , we may disclose to a member of your family , a relative , a close friend or any other person you identify , your protected health information that directly relates to that person 's involvement in your health care .
If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure , we may disclose such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment .
We may use or disclose protected health information to notify or assist in notifying a family member , personal representative or any other person that is responsible for your care of your location , general condition or death .
Finally , we may use or disclose your protected health information to an authorized public or private entity to assist in disaster relief efforts and to coordinate uses and disclosures to family or other individuals involved in your health care .
We may use or disclose your protected health information in an emergency treatment situation .
If this happens , your physician shall try to obtain your acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices as soon as reasonably practicable after the delivery of treatment .
If your physician or another physician in the practice is required by law to treat you and the physician has attempted to obtain your acknowledgement , but is unable , he or she may still use or disclose your protected health information for treatment , payment , and health care operations .
We may use and disclose your protected health information if your physician or another physician in the practice attempts to obtain an acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices from you , but is unable to do so due to substantial communication barriers .
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Consent , Authorization or Opportunity to Object
We may use or disclose your protected health information in the following situations without your acknowledgement or authorization .
These situations include :  Required by Law Public Health Communicable Diseases Health Oversight Abuse or Neglect Food and Drug Administration Legal Proceedings Law Enforcement Coroners , Funeral Directors and Organ Donation Research Criminal Activity Military Activity and National Security Workers ' Compensation Inmates
Following is a statement of your rights with respect to your protected health information and a brief description of how you may exercise these rights .
You have the right to inspect and copy your protected health information .
This means you may inspect and obtain a copy of protected health information about you that is contained in a designated record set for as long as we maintain the protected health information .
A designated record set contains medical and billing records and any other records that your physician and the practice uses for making decisions about you .
Under federal law , however ; you may not inspect or copy the following records : psychotherapy notes ; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of , or use in , a civil , criminal , or administrative action or proceeding ; and protected health information that is subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information .
Depending on the circumstances , a decision to deny access may be reviewable .
In some circumstances , you may have a right to have this decision reviewed .
Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about access to your medical record .
You have the right to request a restriction of your protected health information .
This means you may ask us not to use or disclose any part of your protected health information for the purposes of treatment , payment or healthcare operations .
You may also request that any part of your protected health information not be disclosed to family members or friends who may be involved in your care or for notification purposes as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices .
Your request must state the specific restriction requested and to whom you want the restriction to apply .
Your physician is not required to agree to a restriction that you may request .
If a physician believes it is in your best interest to permit use and disclosure of your protected health information , your protected health information will not be restricted .
If your physician does agree to the requested restriction , we may not use or disclose your protected health information in violation of that restriction unless it is needed to provide emergency treatment .
With this in mind , please discuss any restriction you wish to request with your physician .
You may request a restriction by submitting a written request to our Privacy Contact .
You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location .
We will accommodate reasonable requests .
We may also condition this accommodation by asking you for information as to how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact .
We will not request an explanation from you as to the basis for the request .
Please make this request in writing to our Privacy Contact .
You may have the right to have your physician amend your protected health information .
This means you may request an amendment of protected health information about you in a designated record set for as long as we maintain this information .
In certain cases , we may deny your request for an amendment .
If we deny your request for amendment , you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal .
Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about amending your medical record .
You have the right to receive an accounting of certain disclosures we have made , if any , of your protected health information .
This right applies to disclosures for purposes other than treatment , payment or healthcare operations and valid authorizations or incidental disclosures as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices .
It excludes disclosures we may have made to you , for a facility directory , to family members or friends involved in your care , or for notification purposes .
You have the right to receive specific information regarding these disclosures that occurred after April 14 , 2003 .
You may request a shorter timeframe .
The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions , restrictions and limitations .
You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this notice from us , upon request , even if you have agreed to accept this notice electronically .
You may complain to us or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us .
You may file a complaint with us by notifying our Privacy Contact of your complaint .
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint .
You may contact our Privacy Contact Robert Rey , at 310 205-3107 for further information about the complaint process .
This notice was published and becomes effective on April 14 , 2003 .
Our Commitment to Privacy Updated November 20 , 2009
Our Commitment to Privacy Your privacy is important to us .
To protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
When you request information , order a product or service , register using one of our forms , donate , or contact us offline , we may need your specific information in order to process your registration/request and reply promptly .
We may ask you for contact information ( such as your name , email and address ) and demographic information ( such as your zip code or age ) .
We also collect demographic and profile data at our site and in our databases .
We ask for health-related data to help us help you through our information , our programs and our services .
We use data you provide to tailor your experience at ADA and develop and distribute content that we think you might be interested in .
In general , we use identifiable information to complete a transaction , as indicated below .
Part of our mission is to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes , and we do that by providing appropriate health information .
We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties , except as described here .
To learn more about our encryption policies , please review the section on " Protecting Personal Information " ( below ) .
This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources .
You acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites or resources .
You further acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource .
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the American Diabetes Association Web site .
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web sites , new services or features offered by the American Diabetes Association , and special offers and information we think you will find valuable .
If you would rather not receive this information , please contact us through one of the channels identified in " How to Correct or Update Information " ( below ) .
Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this Web site .
Google Analytics does not maintain individual profiles for visitors , nor does Google Analytics collect data that might identify the individual visitor .
Google Analytics only collects aggregate data .
