Yahoo takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information .
How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage .
In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page .
Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union .
To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page .
Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes .
Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets .
When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer .
Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request .
Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission .
Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo .
Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 .
See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) .
Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business .
For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links .
Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer .
Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies .
Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services .
Your Ability to Edit and Delete
Your Account Information and Preferences General
You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time .
New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time .
Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page .
Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo !
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 )
If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance .
May 31 , 2013 HUFFINGTONPOST.COM : PRIVACY POLICY The Huffington Post , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AOL Inc. , which owns and operates the website www.huffingtonpost.com
( the " Site " ) , takes your privacy very seriously .
This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information that is collected from you when you visit the Site ; how this information may be used and disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected .
If you have any questions about this privacy policy , please contact our privacy team at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com .
What information the Site collects How we use the information that we collect Information sharing Third-party services Your choices Access Confidentiality and security Visitors from outside of the United States Children under 13 Changes to the privacy policy Questions and suggestions
This privacy policy applies only to the Site .
This policy does not apply to information collected through any other website or to the practices of companies that the Huffington Post does not control .
Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites .
For example , if you click on an advertisement on the Site and link to another website , then this privacy policy will not apply to any information collected on that website .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites , and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit .
Information you provide directly to us : You are not required to provide information directly to us in order to view the Site .
However , when you use certain Site functions , such as when you register for certain services , access certain content or features , or directly contact the Site , we may ask you to provide information , including : contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , and mobile number ; username and password ; information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ; search queries conducted on the Site ; and correspondence you send to us .
Information automatically collected when you visit and interact with the Site : When you visit and interact with the Site , certain information may be collected automatically , including : your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; your browser type and operating system ; the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Site ; activities within community discussions ; web pages and advertisements that you view , and links that you click on , within the Site ; your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer ; aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing ; standard server log information ; and information collected through HTML cookies , Flash cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies .
For more information , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies .
Information we collect from other sources : We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms ( such as social networking sites , databases , online marketing firms , and ad targeting firms ) , including : if you access third-party social networking services ( such as Facebook Connect or Twitter ) through the Site , your username and connection lists for those services ; demographic data , such as age range , gender , and interests ; advertisement interaction and viewing data , such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad ; and unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law .
Please note that the Site may combine the information that we collect with information we obtain from third-party sources .
We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications , such as editorial updates , information about your account or changes to the Site , and promotional messages about our own or our marketing partners ' products and services .
If you signed up for one of our email newsletters , we also will send you the newsletter that you requested .
With your consent , we may use your mobile number to send you promotions , notifications , or other services .
In order to provide our readers with free access to our content , we display advertisements on the Site , many of which are targeted based on information about you .
For example , using information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other sources , we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences .
Through this process , advertisers reach Site visitors who are most interested in their products , and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested .
For more information on how cookies and other technologies work , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies .
Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Site .
For more information , please see our section on third party advertising .
Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our site are not covered by this privacy policy .
To provide you with an open , but also civil , discussion forum , we track user involvement in our community discussions .
For example , we keep track of the ratio of how many flagged comments are eventually deleted in order to award badges to our most effective comment moderators .
For more information on this process , please see our FAQ section about comment moderation guidelines .
We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products , services , and information .
For example , we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Site such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards .
Statistical Analysis : In order to learn more about how our Site is used , we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect .
We may use this information , for example , to monitor and analyze use of the Site , to increase our Site 's functionality , and to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors ' needs .
We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities , to enforce the Site 's Terms and Conditions , and to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users .
In addition to the uses identified above , we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
The Huffington Post values your privacy , and shares information about our users only under certain circumstances .
We will make information about you available to other companies , applications , or people in the circumstances listed below : We may share aggregated information or information that does not directly identify you with third parties to help us develop content , services , and advertising that we hope you will find of interest .
Please note that we do not share contact information with third parties that advertise on the Site .
We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services , including database management , maintenance services , analytics , marketing , data processing , and email and text message distribution .
These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf .
If you choose to engage in public activities on the site , such as posting comments on community message boards , any information you submit can be read , collected , or used by others .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in public activities or submissions .
We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place .
However , the Site will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We may share information about you to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person , violations of the Site 's Terms and Conditions , or as otherwise required by law .
We may share information about you to respond to subpoenas , search warrants , judicial proceedings , court orders , legal process , or other law enforcement measures , to establish or exercise our legal rights , or to defend against legal claims .
In addition to the scenarios identified above , we may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you , including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click , through cookies , clicks on links , or other means when you visit or view ads on the Site .
For more information , see our section on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising .
To customize your experience on the Site and to simplify the Site 's registration process , we provide you with the opportunity to access or interact with third-party services , such as Facebook and Twitter .
When you connect to the Site through these third-party services , we may share information about you with these third-party service providers and they may share data about you with us .
When you allow us to access your data through a third-party service to create a Site profile , we may use this data for several purposes , including : Creating relationships automatically within our system .
For example , if you connect to us via a service with a public friend list , like Twitter , we may check to see if any people you follow on Twitter are also Site members .
If we find a match , we will replicate your Twitter relationship with those members , setting them to be fans , followers , or friends on our Site .
For example , if you connect via a service that has a private contact list ( like Google and Yahoo ! ) , we check for people in your contacts who are Site members and suggest that you become a fan of these users .
This process is not automatic ; you must affirmatively choose to become a fan of these suggested users .
Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send emails .
When users share content with their friends using , for example , the forward-to-a-friend feature on the Site , we may use friend lists from third-party services to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send the email message .
Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send service-specific messages .
For example , we may use friend lists from a third-party service to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send an invitation to view an interactive slideshow .
To enhance and personalize your experience on the Site .
When you are connected via a third-party service , we may access certain account information , such as your profile picture , what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about certain articles or blog posts , in order to enhance and personalize your experience on the Site .
In addition , if you connect to a Facebook account , your experience on the Site may be personalized .
For example , you may automatically see what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about particular stories .
Please note that you may disconnect third party accounts at any time .
Click here for a link to your social profile , where you may set your privacy preferences or disconnect all of your third-party service accounts .
You also may be able to modify your privacy settings directly with the third-party service .
To modify your Facebook privacy settings , click here .
To modify your Twitter privacy settings , click here .
Please remember that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party service providers .
Deactivating your account You can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile .
When you deactivate your account , your user profile will be disabled , but your public comments will remain on the site .
The Site has no responsibility to take down , remove , or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities .
For more information , please review our Terms and Conditions .
As discussed in the sections on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising , some information is collected about you automatically through cookies and other technologies .
You can change your browser settings to reject all cookies , accept only certain cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
Please note that you may need to renew these settings if you delete your cookies after these preferences are made .
These settings also may not apply if you are using a different computer or Internet browser .
In addition , many third-party advertising networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) .
To opt out of having information collected by NAI member companies used for behavioral advertising , to obtain information about the technologies these ad networks might use , and to view information regarding their privacy policies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .
You can control how Flash cookies are used by visiting the Adobe Macromedia site , located here .
Adobe enables you to allow some Flash cookies from certain websites , limit Flash cookies ' storage capacity , and disallow Flash cookies altogether .
In addition , if you use Mozilla Firefox for your Internet browser , you can download the BetterPrivacy add-on to automatically delete your Flash cookies every time you close your browser .
If you opt out of these technologies , you will continue to see advertising displayed on the Site , but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests .
Please remember that we do not have access to , or control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' cookies , and the information practices of third parties are not covered by this privacy policy .
For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising , please see the section on third party advertising and visit the NAI 's website .
If you choose to share contact information with us , you may update or amend this information by contacting us at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com .
We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical , physical , and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss , misuse , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using the Site , but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
The Site 's offices are located in the United States .
If you visit the site from another country , please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law .
U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence .
By using the Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States .
AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13 , please contact us at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com .
We may update this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings .
If we modify this privacy policy , we will update the " Effective Date. "  
We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account .
If you have questions about this privacy policy , please contact our privacy team at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com .
Thank you for visiting CNN.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( Turner ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turners network of affiliated websites ( Turner Network ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates .
At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites .
A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT&T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications
, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make , etc. )  
to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
Through some social networking sites privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity .
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement .
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure .
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site .
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties .
To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content .
Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as Flash cookies ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation .
Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser .
You can access your Flash management tools from Adobes website directly .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions .
However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information .
Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you .
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known .
Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites .
For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use web beacons to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest .
It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the cookies stored in your browser .
We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads .
To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page .
Turner is a participant in the online industrys self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the DAA ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAAs principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) at the NAI site .
Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally .
In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate .
The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online .
Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided .
You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information .
For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service .
E-mail Administration Turner Broadcasting System , Inc .
Privacy One CNN Center , 13 North Atlanta , GA 30303 email : privacy.cnn @
If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may contact us at privacy.cnn @
From time to time , we may update this privacy statement .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it .
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in October , 2013 .
reddit privacy policy effective dec 18 , 2013 your privacy is genuinely important to us .
here 's how we manage and use your data .
1 We take protecting your privacy seriously , and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information .
This document is our Privacy Policy , which describes what information we collect and what it 's used for .
It applies to all interactions with reddit.com , including content posted through iReddit , and interactions with our site through the button and widget .
However , other services we own such as redditgifts and loosely affiliated but independent services ( for instance , radio reddit ) have their own terms , and you should review them on each service 's respective website .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
Your use of and/or registration with reddit will constitute your agreement to our policy .
If you can not agree to the terms and conditions set forth below , please do not use our services .
Additionally , our Privacy Policy is part of our User Agreement , and by using the site you agree to both .
3 reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want .
We collect some information in order for you to have an account you can use to participate on the site , and other information that is necessary to make the service work .
Our goal in developing our privacy practices is to allow your participation to remain as anonymous as you choose and we do n't sell or profit from the information you share with us .
We do take efforts to make sure the platform keeps working .
This includes using your information , where necessary , to stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement .
We also share your information when we are legally required to do so .
Please read this privacy policy carefully .
It describes what information we collect , how it is used , and when it is shared so you can make smart decisions about how you use reddit !
We think it strikes a good balance and respects you our users who make this whole thing possible .
Let us know what you think .
When you create an account , you are required to provide a username and password , and may opt to provide an email address .
We also log , and retain indefinitely , the IP address from which the account is initially created .
post , comment and messaging data 6
The posts and comments you make on reddit are not private , even if made to a subreddit not readily accessible to the public .
This means that , by default , they are not deleted from our servers ever and will still be accessible after your account is deleted .
However , we only save the most recent version of comments and posts , so your previous edits , once overwritten , are no longer available .
7 Your messages are generally only viewable by the parties involved , but they may be accessed internally as needed for community support .
Moreover , we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service , even when both parties later delete their accounts .
8 reddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts , comments , and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent .
reddit gold 9 If you choose to upgrade to reddit gold , this status will be stored on your profile , along with the transaction number associated with the payment .
However , reddit does not handle or have access to any of your payment information .
For questions about how this information is stored and used , please read our third party partners ' privacy policies .
log data 10 Log data is certain information that is automatically collected by our systems when you visit reddit , including the type of software used to access the site ( browser , operating system ) , the address of the external or internal page that referred you , and your IP address .
This information is recorded even if you are logged out of your account .
It will be deleted from our servers after 90 days .
other information related to your account 11 As you interact with reddit as an accountholder , we save certain information about these interactions and your preferences : subscriptions , preferred language , all languages you see content in , accumulated karma , voting data , and date of last login .
You may also opt to add " flair " to decorate your profile , and this will be stored as well .
our use of your information is limited to improving your experience 12
It takes a lot of work to keep our site running and prevent abuse , and we sometimes use your data in order to facilitate this .
Your information is used internally only where necessary to provide our services .
For instance , we keep IP addresses for 90 days in order to investigate issues with our site , track and block suspected spammers , and otherwise maintain the integrity of the community .
your private information is never for sale 13
This means that we will only share your personal data with your consent , and after letting you know what information will be shared and with whom , unless it is otherwise permitted in this policy .
While advertisers may target their ads to the topic of a given subreddit , we do not sell or otherwise give access to any information collected about our users to any third party .
14 Anonymous , aggregated information that can not be linked back to an individual user may be made available to third parties .
reddit will not disclose your information unless required by law 15 We may disclose or preserve for future disclosure your information if we believe , after due consideration , that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation , or valid legal process .
If we are going to release your information , we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance via reddit 's private messaging system unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so ( e.g. , an order under 18 U.S.C. 2705 ( b ) ) .
your information may be disclosed by us in an emergency or to keep our services running 16 Other extraordinary circumstances may require disclosure : we may also disclose your information when we believe it 's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person ; to address fraud , security , or spam ; or to protect our rights or property .
17 Cookies are small data files placed on your computer by websites you visit in order to help them remember certain information about you .
At reddit , we set only a few cookies for tracking user preferences , authentication , and collecting anonymous analytics data .
Additionally , our advertising partners set cookies .
Each of these uses is described in greater detail below .
california 's ' do not track ' law 18 reddit 's website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track ( " DNT " ) or similar signal as it awaits the results of efforts by the policy and legal community to determine the meaning of DNT and the proper way to respond .
reddit does not allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information from users on reddit .
preference cookies 19 If you are logged out
, reddit will place a simple cookie to remember if you indicate you would like to view over 18 content , or if you set a language preference .
Additionally , if you vote an advertisement up or down , our third-party advertising partner , Adzerk , will set a cookie to remember your ad preferences .
20 reddit.tv will place a simple cookie to remember your channel choices , which includes the subreddits you choose as channels and how they are arranged , and your playback preferences including vote sort , autoplay , shuffle , NSFW/SFW , and whether annotations will be visible .
When you log into your account , reddit will place a cookie for the sole purpose of creating this session .
It contains your user id and hashed authentication information .
We use a tool called Google Analytics to help us understand how users interact with our website .
It tells us aggregate usage and traffic information , such as how the site was accessed , how long visitors stayed , and the number of first-time visitors to the site .
By knowing how people use the site , we can make it better .
To learn more about Google Analytics and how it uses your data , please visit http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html .
We partner with Adzerk to show our users third party ads .
24 Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service pursuant to Adzerk 's privacy policy .
disabling cookies 25 Most browsers include an option to clear existing cookies or reject new ones .
However , if you do this , portions of the reddit website may not function as intended .
You may choose to delete your reddit account at any time .
The usernames associated with deleted accounts remain unavailable for others to use , and your public profile is no longer visible to users of the site .
However , the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process , though your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts .
Certain third party sites may offer users the option to log in using their reddit id ( for example , redditgifts ) .
This option is only an authentication tool and does not transmit any new personal information to reddit , or give reddit access to details of subsequent actions taken on these sites .
28 reddit will make every effort to secure any private information submitted to us by our users .
However , no data transmission over the internet is completely secure , so we can not guarantee the absolute security of this data .
You use the service at your own risk , and are responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account ( such as carefully maintaining the secrecy of your password ) .
29 reddit is a San Francisco , California-based company whose servers are housed in the United States .
All personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the United States and processed according to US law .
30 reddit complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
reddit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view reddit 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles , reddit commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us .
32 reddit has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed reddit , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint .
Although we welcome users from all walks of life , our site is not aimed at children , and the United States government has put limits on our ability to accept users under a certain age through the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
Individuals under the age of 13 may not create an account with us .
If you believe someone 12 or younger is using our site without parental consent , please contact us .
We reserve the right to change this policy to meet the changing needs of reddit , or for any other reason .
If we make changes , we will notify our users .
Where the changes substantially alters your rights , notice will appear prominently on your front page .
More minor changes may only be highlighted by the privacy policy link in the footer of our website .
35 reddit welcomes questions , concerns , and feedback about this policy .
Please feel free to contact us .
The BBC is committed to protecting your and your family 's personal information when you are using BBC services .
We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience .
This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text , by email , in letters or correspondence .
It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online , on mobile or on the Red Button service .
In order to provide you with the full range of BBC services , we sometimes need to collect information about you .
This Privacy Policy explains the following :  what information the BBC may collect about you ; how the BBC will use information we collect about you ; when the BBC may use your details to contact you ; whether the BBC will disclose your details to anyone else ; your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us ; the use of cookies on BBC websites and how you can reject these cookies .
The BBC is committed to safeguarding your personal information .
Whenever you provide such information , we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information , including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the " data protection laws " ) .
BBC websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties .
These third party websites have their own privacy policies , and are also likely to use cookies , and we therefore urge you to review them .
They will govern the use of personal information you submit , which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk .
The BBC is the largest broadcasting organisation in the world .
We are a public service broadcaster , established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by UK households .
The BBC includes the BBC World Service , which broadcasts to the world on radio , on TV and online , providing news and information in 32 languages .
It is funded by a government grant , not from the licence fee .
The BBC also has a commercial arm , BBC Worldwide Limited and its group companies ( BBC Worldwide ) .
BBC Worldwide is a wholly owned subsidiary and returns its profits to the BBC for investment in new programming and services .
Amongst other activities , BBC Worldwide operates the international , advertising-funded version of the BBC website , bbc.com , for users from outside of the UK .
BBC Worldwide 's activities are only covered by this Privacy Policy in relation to its use of any personal information collected on bbc.com .
To find out more about BBC Worldwide , its commercial operations and how it will use personal information collected when you use its other international and UK services , please see its corporate website and the BBC Worldwide Privacy Policy .
When we refer to ' we " or ' our " or ' the BBC " we are referring to the BBC , the BBC World Service and BBC Worldwide ( but only in relation to BBC Worldwide 's use of information collected via bbc.com ) .
When you participate in , access or sign up to any of the BBC 's services , activities or online content , such as newsletters , competitions , live chats , message boards , telephone or text the BBC , vote , donate money to a BBC charity appeal , book tickets for a BBC event or create an account using the BBC 's online registration system we may receive personal information about you .
This can consist of information such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone or mobile number or date of birth , depending on the activity .
By submitting your details , you enable the BBC ( and where applicable its contractors ) to provide you with the services , activities or online content you select .
Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information , and sometimes sensitive personal information ( e.g. if you 're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings ) .
When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it .
The BBC also uses cookies ( see section 13 below for details ) and collects IP addresses ( an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet ) from visitors to BBC websites .
The BBC will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following : to provide our services , activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries ; for " service administration purposes " , which means that the BBC may contact you for reasons related to the service , activity or online content you have signed up for , as set out in section 5 below ( e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service , activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance ) ; to contact you about a submission you have made , including any content you provide .
For additional information , please see the UGC FAQS ( User Generated Content Frequently Asked Questions ) ; to provide you with information about our services , activities or online content ; to personalise the way BBC content is presented to you ( e.g. if the first thing you look at every day on the BBC website is the weather for Luton , we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage ) ; to use IP addresses to identify the location of users , to block disruptive use , to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not .
If not , you will be re-directed to the international version of the BBC website ( bbc.com ) , ( see section 12 for details ) ; to analyse and improve the services offered on BBC websites ; to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience .
The BBC may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individuals are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes ; and when you access the BBC website from outside the UK , you will see the international version ( bbc.com ) which features advertising .
A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user .
BBC Worldwide uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at on the international version of the BBC website and other BBC Worldwide sites , and your IP address information .
This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as onsite behavioural targeting .
The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not know who you are : it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you , if you are accessing the BBC website from outside the UK , which it believes are relevant .
Find out more about BBC Worldwide 's use of its behavioural targeting system in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
It is important to remember that you will only see this advertising , and receive Behavioural Targeted Marketing cookies , if you are visiting bbc.com from outside the UK .
Where the BBC proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first .
You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above .
The BBC may contact you : in relation to any service , activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the BBC can deliver the services to you ; in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about BBC products or services ; in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the BBC , e.g. on the BBC message boards or via text or voicemail message ; to invite you to participate in surveys about the BBC services ( participation is always voluntary ) ; and for marketing purposes , where you have agreed to this ( see section 6 below )  
Local pages will give you detailed information about how the BBC will contact you in relation to specific services , activities or online content .
The BBC will only use your information for marketing purposes , or to promote new services , activities or online content where you have agreed to this .
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law ( for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies ) or as described in section 8 below .
Generally , we will only use your information within the BBC .
However , sometimes the BBC uses third parties to process your information on our behalf .
The BBC requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and the BBC requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way .
If you post or send offensive , inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to BBC websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any BBC service , the BBC may use your personal information to stop such behaviour .
Where the BBC reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws ( e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory ) , the BBC may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer , school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour .
If you are aged 16 or under , please get your parent/guardian 's permission before you provide any personal information to the BBC .
Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information .
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity , or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the BBC or the BBC 's corporate retention schedule ( a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long ) .
If you cancel your registration as a BBC website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and , while the BBC can not use the personal information , it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically .
Where you contribute material to the BBC we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose ( s ) for which it was submitted .
For example , we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition .
However other projects ( e.g. the People 's War website ) are likely to have a longer , or even permanent , duration .
The BBC , as a publicly funded organisation , also has an obligation to record snapshots of history which may include some User Generated Content i.e. content provided by the public .
Therefore , some content submitted to , or shared with , the BBC may be retained for prolonged periods of time or potentially indefinitely in the BBC 's Archive , which is true of News contributions which are published .
There may also be rare instances where we will share your contribution with third parties in the interests of maintaining historical archives ( e.g. contributions about people 's experiences in the Second World War were given to the Imperial War Museum ) .
Where possible , we will endeavour to inform you upfront or let you know at a later date where we are likely to keep content indefinitely or pass it onto an approved historical archive .
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the BBC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected .
( We charge 10 for information requests and require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification ) .
We will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you on our files .
Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer , Room2252 , White City Building , 201 Wood Lane , London W12 7TS
( Email : dpa.officer @
The BBC website is published in the UK by the BBC as bbc.co.uk .
The international version of the website , bbc.com , is made available to international users accessing the website from outside the UK by the BBC 's commercial subsidiary , BBC Worldwide Ltd , on a commercial basis ( i.e. some of the pages you access from outside the UK will have advertising on them ) under licence from the BBC .
Please note that some pages of the BBC website are made available to users outside the UK on a non-commercial basis ( for example , the front page for the BBC World Service 's foreign language sites , e.g. http : //www.bbc.co.uk/mundo/index.shtml ) .
All personal information submitted by users outside the UK to bbc.com and to the World Service 's foreign language sites will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy ( and any local terms that apply to certain areas of the site ) .
Where there is a conflict , the local terms will apply .
What is a cookie ?
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer , tablet or mobile phone ( referred to here as a " device " ) browser from a website 's computer and is stored on your device 's hard drive .
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other websites .
Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows .
On BBC websites , cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests .
During the course of any visit to a BBC website , the pages you see , along with a cookie , are downloaded to your device .
Many websites do this , because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device ( and probably its user ) has visited the website before .
This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see , and finding , the cookie left there on the last visit .
How does the BBC use cookies ?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience .
For example , if on a previous visit you went to our education pages , we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits .
The BBC uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users .
All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes ( see section 6 above ) .
Certain areas of BBC websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example , to help an online game work effectively on your device .
Additionally , BBC Worldwide uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising on bbc.com to non-UK users .
Further information , including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies , can be found in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
Third Party Cookies in embedded content on BBC pages Please note that during your visits to BBC websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the BBC or the BBC 's contractors .
When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Flickr , you may be presented with cookies from these websites .
The BBC does not control the dissemination of these cookies .
You should check the third party websites for more information about these .
Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content .
BBC cookies and how to reject cookies ?
Full information about how the BBC uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the BBC website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies , this means that certain personalised features can not then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites ' features .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time
so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the BBC .
The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page .
If you do not agree to these changes , please do not continue to use BBC websites to submit personal information to the BBC .
If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website .
Some areas , such as TV Licensing and BBC charity appeals have their own privacy and cookies policies which you should also read before submitting your personal information .
Go to the TV Licensing Privacy Policy to see how the BBC uses your personal information for TV Licensing purposes .
In relation to BBC Worldwide , this Privacy Policy only applies to its use of data collected via the international version of the BBC website , bbc.com , which is accessed by users from outside the UK .
For details of how BBC Worldwide uses personal information collected via its other international and UK services please see BBC Worldwide 's Privacy Policy If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy
please contact : The Data Protection Officer Room 2252 White City Building 201 Wood Lane London W12 7TS
( Email : dpa.officer @
If you are viewing the international version of this website , bbc.com , and you have any questions or comments about the Privacy Policy , please contact BBC Worldwide via email : dataprotection @
bbc.com Last updated : May 2012 Privacy Policy EFFECTIVE AS OF December 6 , 2013
The Weather Channel , LLC ( " The Weather Channel " ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information .
" Services " include The Weather Channel 's weather.com website ( the " Site " ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which The Weather Channel provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , software applications ( including The Weather Channel Desktop ) , mobile web sites , mobile applications , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , message boards , SMS messaging , and delivery of The Weather Channel content to you at your request . "
Services " also includes alert products .
" Services " do not include , however websites of The Weather Channel and its affiliates that primarily serve international markets ( e.g. weather.co.uk ) , or any other products or services of The Weather Channel .
We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in The Weather Channel 's products and services .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site and mobile applications , and does not cover information that may be collected through other software downloaded from the Site .
The Weather Channel has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software , other than mobile applications .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please contact us .
If you are not satisfied with our response or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within five business days you can contact TRUSTe here .
When you visit a Web site or mobile application displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of what personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; what organization is collecting the information ; how the information is used ; with whom the information may be shared ; what choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and how you can make changes to the information .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you may contact us directly at http :
If you would like to modify your contact information or personal preferences and you have registered with us and obtained a password , you may access your weather.com profile from the " Weather Tools " section by selecting " My Profile " or accessing https :
or you may contact us directly at http :
In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , The Weather Channel may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " ) from you , including your name , e-mail address , billing address , phone number , and credit card information .
For example , we collect PII when you make a purchase from us or sign up for one of our premium or enhanced services .
Some other examples of instances when we collect PII include when you subscribe to NOTIFY !
by The Weather Channel ( weather information delivered to you via phone , e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel Alerts , ( weather information delivered to you via e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , and The Weather Channel Desktop Max ( a software application which you can download to your desktop to receive weather information ) .
Other examples of when we collect PII are when you : Complete a survey Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes Make a purchase from our online store
Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information Submit a photo or video Participate in an online forum or community , or Customize the Services .
We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as : Specific geographic location where you are currently located Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about the applications on your device Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Device identifier Carrier Browser type Browser identifier Referring URL Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions .
In the case of participation in a chat session , we require you to select a user name .
Please be aware that chat sessions are monitored and transcripts are posted on the Site for access by other users .
Any information , including PII , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo and video submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the information , including PII , you choose to submit in these forums .
If you upload , rate or share videos or photos , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a user name and email address or you can log in through your social media provider .
If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content may become publicly available .
In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location .
For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state or zip code .
To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services .
You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your device .
If you have The Weather Channel mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the " Settings " menu in the application and toggling location services off .
Toggling location services off will also disable certain services in the application , including severe alerts .
In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates .
To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered .
When you log in to Session M 's mPOINTS in our mobile applications that contain mPOINTS , Session M will provide us with your email address .
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you .
Except as described below The Weather Channel does not rent , sell or share PII about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies .
The Weather Channel and its Affiliates
We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services .
We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you .
At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive special offers from The Weather Channel and its affiliates .
If you choose to opt in , The Weather Channel and its affiliates will use your PII to inform you of other products or services available from The Weather Channel and its affiliates , including WSI Corporation , The Weather Underground LLC , and Weather Central , LP .
These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel .
Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services
At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors .
With your permission , The Weather Channel will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile .
In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them .
You will always have the opportunity , to opt-out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email .
In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services .
In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer .
When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested .
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties .
You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying PII to them .
When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( " Third Party Processors " ) .
These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online store , that process credit card information or handle shipping for The Weather Channel , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them .
We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services .
Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for The Weather Channel .
We require that the third party processors securely store the PII we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential .
Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links
Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities .
In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer .
In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting .
In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities .
These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices .
The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of PII .
Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook , Twitter , and SessionM 's mPOINTS .
You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services .
By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use .
Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services .
Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services .
The Weather Channel does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information .
For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services .
As The Weather Channel does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements .
E. Use by Us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies
The Weather Channel and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful .
These Internet technologies include : IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet .
Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device .
Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags .
HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device .
Information that The Weather Channel collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you .
The Weather Channel uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services .
In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties .
For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below .
Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage , or visit the " Managing cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage on your browser " article in the Support area of the weather.com site .
If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly .
The Weather Channel contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies .
These Third Party Processors include Adobe and its Omniture product .
To obtain information about the privacy and security practices of Adobe 's Omniture Product , use the following link : Adobe : http : //www.weather.com/common/home/modules/privacyOptoutp1.html
This opt-out is device specific and may not work on all devices .
F. Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers , and Analytics Companies
The Weather Channel works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users .
These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads .
These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit .
This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services .
You should be aware that The Weather Channel does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them .
For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites : DoubleClick : http : //www.google.com
Nielsen : http : //www.nielsen-netratings.com/privacy/sitecensus.htm comScore and its affiliate , Scorecard Research : http : //www.scorecardresearch.com/Priv.html http :
//networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http : //www.aboutads.info/choices
These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices .
You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out .
You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application .
G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses
The Weather Channel continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company .
If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale .
If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information .
If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Channel believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ;
( iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Legal Restrictions and Terms of Use ; or ( iv ) where otherwise required by law .
If you choose to use a feature that allows you to e-mail parts of the Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e-mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements .
This information is not used for any other purpose .
Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list .
If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available .
We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose .
If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your weather.com profile online at " MY PROFILE " or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at deleteaccount @
Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your weather.com profile online at " MY PROFILE " or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com .
The Weather Channel is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet .
We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any PII .
The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children .
The linked sites and services are not under the control of The Weather Channel .
We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children .
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services .
The Weather Channel , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen .
By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States .
Keeping the information you provide to The Weather Channel secure is important to us .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data .
Of course , although The Weather Channel uses standard industry practices to protect your PII , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your PII will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties .
The Weather Channel reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
All changes to this policy will be posted on this site prior to the time they take effect .
If we make material changes to the way we use PII , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
Last Updated on October 14 , 2013
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com ( including international.nytimes.com , the online edition of The International New York Times )
The New York Times Home Delivery Web site , The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , Times Skimmer , Times Reader , The New York Times Store and The New York Times Learning Network , Web sites and other applications ( collectively referred to as the NYT Services ) , and to any services that display this notice .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , unless otherwise noted , all references to " The New York Times " include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper .
The New York Times Replica Edition , which is maintained by NewspaperDirect , maintains its own Privacy Policy .
The New York Times advertising portal , for advertisers of The Times , also maintains a separate Privacy Policy .
The NYT Services may contain links to other Web sites for your convenience and information .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites .
This Privacy Policy , covers the following :  What information do we gather about you ?
What do we do with the information we gather about you ?
With whom do we share the information that we gather ?
What is our e-mail policy ?
How do I change or update my personal information ?
How do I opt-out from receiving promotional offers ?
Is my information protected ?
Compliance with legal process Children 's Guidelines Your California Privacy Rights Changes to this Privacy Policy TRUSTe :
The New York Times has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact Customer Service by sending an e-mail to feedback @
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the NYTimes.com Web site and those applications that have a shortened TRUSTe privacy statement .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site .
TRUSTe has not certified the disclosures in this Privacy Policy that relate to the Times Reader software .
The information The New York Times gathers falls into two categories : 1 ) Personal information , which includes personal information you supply when you subscribe , order , complete a survey , register for one of our sites , enter a contest or provide your e-mail address and 2 ) Non-personal information collected through technology , which includes tracking information collected as you use the NYT Services .
That You Give Us Registration Information Registration for the NYT Services may require that you supply certain personal information , including a unique e-mail address and demographic information ( ZIP code , age , sex , household income , job industry and job title ) to register .
You may choose to log in , create an account or enhance your profile at NYTimes.com through the Facebook Connect feature on NYTimes.com .
By doing this , you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile , and you authorize us to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface .
After you have connected , Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook module on the pages you view .
To disassociate your NYTimes.com registration from third party accounts , please see our Social Media FAQ .
Billing and Credit Card Information To enable payment and donations on the NYT services , we collect and store name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card information and other billing information .
This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction .
Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments .
User Generated Content and Public Activities (
Including Comments , Reader Reviews and TimesPeople )  
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com and other NYT Services . "
Public activities " are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users , including comments , recommendations , reader reviews , ratings or any other items that you submit .
Any information you disclose in your public activities , along with your screen name or ID , or any image or photo , becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media .
If you choose to engage in public activities , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and The New York Times has no responsibility to publish , take down , remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities .
For more information , see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums , Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service .
When you share or recommend ( with or without adding your own comments ) any NYTimes.com articles or content to your Facebook profile , that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy .
We do not track or store a record of those comments or actions .
If you have registered for a NYTimes.com account , we will track and aggregate your public activities on NYTimes.com .
By choosing to participate in public activities , you are electing to share and display such public activities via NYTimes.com .
Also , public activities may be included in RSS feeds , APIs and made available to other Web sites via other formats .
As a result , your public activities may appear on other Web sites , blogs , or feeds .
Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities , and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you , not The New York Times .
Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Special Offers
The New York Times collects personal information from you in connection with optional sweepstakes , contests or special offers .
If this information is also being collected by a third party other than The New York Times , we will notify you at the same time .
If you do not want any personal information shared , you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or special offer .
Reader Surveys , Reader Panels and Market Research
The New York Times may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys .
Data may be collected through the NYT Services , on the phone or through the mail .
The information you provide in response to optional survey questions may be shared , but only in the aggregate , with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection .
Members of our Reader Panels agree to participate in surveys , polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times , their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior .
If you choose to be a panel member , we require that you supply us with your e-mail address and name .
Home address and telephone number are optional .
Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research .
We often receive information regarding readers who may attend Times Talks , Arts & Leisure Weekend and other New York Times conferences , events and promotions from sign-in and registration lists .
Unless we indicate otherwise at the time we collect the information , we will use such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy
. Non-Personal Information Collected
Using Technology Information Collected by Us Using Technology
We use various Internet technologies to manage the NYT Services and track use of the Services
. Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you .
We may collect non-personal information about the computer , mobile device or other device you use to access the NYT Services , such as IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language and other transactional information .
Cookies , Beacons , Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies .
In providing the NYT Services , we use " cookies , " Web beacons , HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies to manage access to and use of the Services , recognize you and provide personalization , as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there .
You will not be able to access certain areas of our Web sites , including NYTimes.com , if your computer does not accept cookies from us .
For more detailed information about our use of cookies and local storage , and how to manage them , see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies and Similar Technologies in our Help section .
The New York Times Home Delivery Web site also transmits non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about visitors to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on other sites .
To do this , we use Web Beacons in conjunction with cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site .
For more information about our third-party ad server , or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you , please click here .
We have hired third parties to provide us information , reports and analysis about the usage , browsing patterns of users of the NYT Services .
WebTrends tracks and analyzes non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on NYTimes.com .
All data collected by WebTrends on our behalf is owned and used by us .
For more information about how WebTrends collects data , please read their privacy policy at https :
/privacypolicy.asp# PSFV Audience Science tracks and analyzes anonymous usage and browsing patterns of our Web site users .
All data collected by Audience Science on our behalf is owned and used by The New York Times alone .
For more information about Audience Science 's privacy policy , including how to opt out , go to http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp .
We use Localytics and Flurry to track and report on the usage and browsing patterns on some of our mobile applications .
For more information about Flurry and its privacy policy , please go to http : //www.flurry.com/about-us/legal/privacy.html .
For more information about Localytics and its privacy policy , please go to http :
//www.localytics.com/privacy-policy .
Flurry and Localytics may independently record the type of device and operating system you are using , general location information , as well as events that occur within our apps , such as how often you use our apps .
We do not receive that information .
The New York Times logs Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , or the location of your computer on the Internet , for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes .
We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Web sites and mobile applications .
Log Files and Your Reading History .
We automatically log certain usage information about your use of NYT Service .
This information includes a reading history of the pages you view .
We use this information in order to provide you with customized Recommendations on NYTimes.com based on your reading history .
For more information on the Recommendations feature , please read the Recommendations FAQ .
We also use log files in the aggregate to analyze usage of our Web sites and mobile applications .
If you download and use the Times Reader software application , the log files will automatically be collected by the application and sent to our servers when your computer syncs up for the latest news .
Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app .
If you enable the location-based feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device , which will then be used by the app .
If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history , we will store that information on our servers .
If you do not enable the location-based service , or if an app does not have that feature , the app will not transmit to us , and we will not collect or store , location information .
Ads may be displayed within our apps .
The ads you see are not targeted to you based on your current GPS location , but they may be targeted to you based on your device 's IP address or ZIP code .
Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology
Some of the services and advertisements included in the NYT Services , including on NYTimes.com and within our mobile apps , are delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies , Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our Web site users .
For example , in the course of serving certain advertisements , some advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the NYT Services .
In many cases , this information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites .
We do not have access to , nor control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used .
Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our Web sites .
For example , Google is one of the companies that serve advertisements onto NYTimes.com .
It uses the DART cookie to serve ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Web site :  1 ) If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your option not to accept these cookies , please click here .
2 ) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites , click here .
Your access to our Web sites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties .
We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the NYT Services , fulfill your requests for certain products and services , such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services , polls , contests , and message boards .
We perform statistical , demographic and marketing analyses of users of the NYT Services , and their subscribing and purchasing patterns , for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base .
We use this information for analysis purposes , including analysis to improve customer relationships .
Customizing Your Experience We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent .
We also use this information to customize certain features of the NYT Services to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access the NYT Services , and in certain cases , provide you with requested services .
Relevant Advertising We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the NYT Service to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent .
This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them , and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive , improving both the viewer 's experience and the effectiveness of the ads .
We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form .
The New York Times will periodically send you e-mail newsletters or promotional e-mail about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers .
For details about New York Times e-mail , please see the section labeled " What Is Our E-Mail Policy ? "  
If you have registered to use the NYT Services , we will not sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address or any information that personally identifies you without your permission .
We also share information about our audience in aggregate or de-identified form .
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict The New York Times 's use of aggregated or de-identified information in any way .
In the future , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses .
In such transactions , we may include your information among the transferred assets .
If you are a print subscriber to The New York Times newspaper and subscribed either by mail , phone or online , we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address and certain other information , such as when you first subscribed to The New York Times ( but not your e-mail address ) with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail .
If you prefer that we do not share this information , you may opt-out by e-mailing us at opt-out @ nytimes.com , or write to us at Customer Care , P.O .
Davenport IA 52808-8041 .
If you are a current print subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please include " Opt-out " in the subject line .
We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , e-mail distribution , list processing and analytics or promotions management .
We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services .
These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times , and they may not share , resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations , in accordance with applicable laws .
We may occasionally release personal information as required by law , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena .
( For more information , see the " Compliance with legal process " section of this policy. )  
The New York Times complies fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 .
We will not share , sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address for commercial purposes without your permission .
If you feel you have received an e-mail from us in error , please contact feedback @
Account and Service-Related E-Mail .
The New York Times reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status .
This includes order confirmations , renewal/expiration notices , notices of credit-card problems , other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to the NYT Services and/or to our Privacy Policy .
If you have registered for online discussions or other services , you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities .
E-Mail Newsletters .
The New York Times offers several e-mail newsletters .
If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter .
To manage your NYTimes.com e-mail preferences , please click here .
Promotional E-Mail .
The New York Times may periodically e-mail you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you .
You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out .
From time to time , The New York Times may obtain e-mail addresses from third party sources to be used for promotional e-mails .
You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out .
Survey E-Mail .
We may send you an e-mail inviting you to participate in user surveys , asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services , as well as information to better understand our users .
User surveys greatly help us to improve the NYT Services , and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties , except in aggregate form .
HTML E-Mail .
When you sign up to receive e-mail from us , you can select either plain text or HTML ( with images ) format .
If you select the HTML format , we may place a one-pixel gif to determine whether or not readers viewed the e-mail .
This process does not leave any information on your computer , nor does it collect information from your computer .
The New York Times may share this data with others in aggregate only .
If you send us e-mails , you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others .
We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails .
We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments .
NYTimes.com readers may use this feature to e-mail links to articles ( or other content such as slideshows ) .
The e-mail addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to e-mail ; these addresses are not used for any other purpose , and will not be shared with any third parties .
The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account .
You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery Web site by clicking on the link for Update Account .
Should you require assistance , please call our toll free number , 1-800-NYTIMES .
Account in the My Account Area .
You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the My Account area .
There are a number of things you can do in the My Account area to ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date .
For one , you can update the information you provided during the free registration process .
The E-mail Preferences tab is the place to go to sign up for our e-mail newsletters and manage your delivery options .
To gain access to the areas of the My Account area containing personal information , you will be asked to re-enter your password .
If you do not remember your password , you can reset your password here .
If you need further assistance , please contact Customer Service .
Manage Your New York Times Online Store Account .
Manage and update your account by logging in at www.nytstore.com .
Simply click on the " My Account " section at the top of the navigational bar and proceed to " Edit Profile " .
You may securely update your shipping information , e-mail address and password registered to the account .
Should you require assistance , please call us at 800-671-4332 .
Manage Your New York Times Events Account .
Events include TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show .
To subscribe or unsubscribe from The New York Times Events e-mail newsletter , please visit www.nytimes.com/events .
Enter your e-mail address in the field provided , select " unsubscribe " and click " submit. "  
If , at any time , you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing information from us , simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail , or : 1 . Click here to remove your e-mail address from any future promotional e-mail campaigns originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates .
Click here to manage your e-mail subscriptions from NYTimes.com .
These include Today 's Headlines , Ticketwatch , DealBook , Sophisticated Shopper , Movies Update , etc .
Click here to log in to your New York Times Online Store account and then click the Unsubscribe From Newsletter button .
Click here to manage your subscription to The New York Times Events Newsletter
( TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show ) .
If you experience difficulty with the unsubscribe process , feel free to contact us at feedback @
nytimes.com and provide your e-mail address along with the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe .
If , at any time , you prefer not to receive mail or telephone solicitations originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department , or if you prefer that we do not share this information with third parties for marketing purposes , please e-mail us at opt-out @ nytimes.com or write to us at Customer Care , P.O .
Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 .
If you are a current newspaper subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please put " Opt-out " in the subject line .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , technical and administrative controls to protect the information .
Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the NYT Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions ) .
Except for The Learning Network ( see below ) , The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13 .
The Learning Network is a free service for parents , teachers and students , and does not require registration .
The Student Connections section is specifically directed at students , grades 6 to 12 .
Within this section , the Ask a Reporter page and the Student Letters page allow students to either send a question to a Times reporter or submit a letter to the editor , providing their first name , grade , state/country and , optionally , their e-mail address .
The information requested on these pages is used solely for participation in these activities , and is not shared or sold to third parties .
If an e-mail address is provided , it will only be used for a one-time response back to the child .
After responding to the child , the e-mail address is deleted .
Access to the above services is not conditioned on more information than is reasonably necessary to provide the services .
Because we 're concerned about a parent 's right to consent to the collection and use of their child 's personal information , when a question or letter is published , only the student 's first name , grade and state/country appear on the site .
To request removal of this information ( non-personally identifiable ) or to review or remove the optional e-mail address ( personal information collected ) , please use this form to contact the Learning Network .
These children 's guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established .
Accordingly , guidelines are subject to change .
In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page .
If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children 's personal information , the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and will not affect children 's personal information previously collected .
For any questions concerning The Learning Network , please contact Katherine Schulten , NYTimes.com , 620 Eighth Avenue , 9th floor , New York , NY 10018 .
Telephone : ( 212 )
Under the California Shine The Light law , California residents may opt-out of the NYT 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Customer Care , P.O .
Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 or by e-mailing us at opt-out @
It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes .
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time .
Any such changes will be posted on this page .
If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information , the change will be posted on this page thirty ( 30 ) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail .
Privacy Policy Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :  What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user
, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page .
Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :  Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :  Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :  details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
Location information When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
Local storage We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :  
With your consent We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :  view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account . receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :  meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
In particular :  We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Application Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :  
Chrome and Chrome OS Books Wallet Fiber Privacy policy Share 62 inShare 0
Email theguardian.com , Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00
This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ( " our sites " ) by Guardian News & Media Limited , and Guardian News & Media LLC ( " GNM " ) .
If you use GuardianWitness , please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy .
At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons : 1 .
To provide personalised services unique to individual users .
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer 3 .
To sell advertising space on the site .
This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it .
If we have permission from the user , to market services to them .
There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide .
Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites .
Please follow the links below for further information .
How we use your information Using information about children Updating your personal information Who we share information with Use of cookies About our advertising Legal information and how to contact us Changes to the privacy policy 1
We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately .
This means : - we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information ; and - we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us , they have appropriate security measures .
2 We will respect your privacy .
You should receive marketing emails only from us and , if you agree , from other organisations we have carefully chosen .
We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices , for example , we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing .
However , we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration , your subscription account or postings , for example , with reminders , warnings or copyright requests .
We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so , such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions .
4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it .
We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely .
6 Our site is accessible via the internet .
This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website , for example , comments about an article .
If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , it will only be done with the relevant protection ( stated under UK law ) being in place .
What information do we collect ?
We collect information on you : when you register when you use the website through cookies if you choose to reveal information in postings , and when you enter sales promotions and competitions .
Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information , such as where you are , so the service can be provided as designed .
In particular , this may apply to certain apps that you download , or which we provide .
The minimum information we need to register
you is your email address and a password .
We will ask you more questions for different services , including sales promotions .
Unless we say otherwise , you have to answer all the registration questions .
We may also ask some other , voluntary questions during registration for certain services ( for example , professional networks ) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are .
This also allows us to personalize services for you .
After you have registered , we may send you emails we think may interest you .
At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ' unsubscribe ' .
Logging in using social networking credentials If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in , you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us .
This will include your name , email address , date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity .
You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile .
This will also allow us and Facebook to share your,networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings .
If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings , we will no longer have access to this information .
If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in , you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us .
This will include your name , email address , date of birth , sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity .
You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile .
This also allows us to share your networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings .
If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings , we will no longer have access to this information .
If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in , we receive your avatar ( the small picture that appears next to your tweets ) and twitter username .
Use of children 's data Except for children 's books , we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 . '
Children 's books ' is a service for children .
However , they need parental permission to join .
We do not display personal information about children on the site , and we read through all contributions before they are published .
For any questions about children 's books , please contact : Children 's books , Guardian News and Media , 90 York Way , London , N1 9GU or email childrens.books @
We offer a ' My details ' page ( also known as Dashboard ) , where you can update your personal information at any time , and change your marketing preferences .
You can get to this page from most pages on the site simply click on the ' My details ' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in .
Who we share data with We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission .
If we have your permission , we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully .
We may make other organisations ' services available , such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop , through our sites , although we are not necessarily operating these sites .
We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy .
Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies .
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users .
Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply .
We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards .
We may use service providers to help us run these sites ( or services available on the sites ) , some of whom may be based outside the EEA .
Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations ( such as the ' Facebook Recommend ' function ) .
These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages .
If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us , information they collect may be connected to your account on their site .
For more information on how these organisations use information , please read their privacy policies .
We use cookies for a number of reasons .
For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites .
We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited , and by which types of users and from which countries .
We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information , sometimes through cookies and web beacons , ( information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors ) .
Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk , guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk .
We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it .
You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy .
4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in , and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been .
Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use .
You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy , including how you can ' opt out ' .
We may use ' Flash ' cookies to store your preferences for your media player ( for example , volume and so on ) .
If we do n't use them , you may not be able to watch some video content .
You can turn cookies off but if you do this , you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising .
This is because we wo n't be able to limit what you see by using cookies .
However , you will still be able to see our editorial content .
6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you .
For more information about cookies and managing them , including how to turn them off , please visit our page on Cookies .
By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described .
In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) .
OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website .
It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site .
It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you .
As you browse our sites , some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies , so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests .
For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles , you may be shown more adverts for food and drink .
It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name , email address , postal address or phone number .
We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners .
This may mean that when you are on other websites , you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com .
We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites .
Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites .
For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop , you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing .
This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase .
The privacy policy of criteo , one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here .
If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising , this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites .
It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you .
If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it , please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org ( if accessing from the US. )  
Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp , quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers .
Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application .
Other Advertising Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue .
Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' , ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' .
Legal information and how to contact us Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998
we have to say who the ' data controller ' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites .
The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and , in our case , is Guardian News & Media Limited , King 's Place , 90 York Way , London N1
If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any questions about how we may use it , please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above .
Or , email dataprotection @ theguardian.com .
If you have a dispute with us Our American office , Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce .
As part of our involvement in the safe harbor , we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework .
If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it , you should first contact us ( using the contact details provided above ) .
For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe , by fax to 415-520-3420 , or by mail to Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here .
Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details .
Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes .
Changes to this policy by date November 2004
: cookie information moved to separate page ; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner ; legal information under the Data Protection Act added .
principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors ; contact details updated .
August 2009 : contact details updated , useful links updated , some headings added and a new section headed " advertising and affiliate links " added .
July 2011 : Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences , contact details , further information provided about online behavioural advertising , cookies , and the ' Who we share data with ' section has been updated .
September 2011 : Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com , information on use of children 's data added .
October 2011 : Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added .
February 2012 : Additional provision included in ' How we use your information ' to address certain data that we may collect , especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data .
Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication .
February 2013 : Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added .
May 2013 : Information on mobile device advertising added .
July 2013 : References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com .
Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark .
Revised and posted as of : July 17 , 2013 Forbes.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online .
Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Forbes.com website and services .
The Forbes.com website is owned and operated by Forbes.com LLC .
Forbes has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us by email at privacy @
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Forbes complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Forbes has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Forbes ' certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site .
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website and the web .
We use aggregated ( gathered up data across all user accounts ) information to develop content targeted to users ' interests and to better the website user experience .
Forbes.com is committed to your privacy and other than as provided herein or after receiving your specific consent , Forbes.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time , unless required by law .
This privacy policy covers the website and activities of Forbes.com .
Other Forbes Digital sites linked to from this website have their own privacy statements which can be viewed on those sites .
Please be aware that Forbes.com sponsors , advertisers and partners or affiliates with co-branded modules or sections on Forbes.com may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website .
The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us .
Forbes.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacy @
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Voluntary Submission Forbes.com does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Forbes.com website user except when knowingly provided by such individual .
For example , we may ask you for information , such as your e-mail address when you register to become a member of Forbes.com .
You may also provide information to Forbes.com in other contexts , including , for example , on your member profile page and public profile URL or to enter into a sweepstakes or promotion .
In the event you order something from Forbes.com or one of our co-branded websites , we may request additional personal information , such as your address , telephone number and credit card information , in order to complete the purchase .
We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services .
You always have the option not to provide the information we request .
If you choose not to provide the information we request , you can still visit most of the Forbes.com website , but you may be unable to access certain options and services .
When you register or become a member of Forbes.com or provide information to Forbes.com in any other manner , you agree to provide only true , accurate , current and complete information .
Cookies A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer 's hard drive by your web browser .
A cookie file can contain information , such as a user identification code , that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited .
Forbes.com uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout Forbes.com and its affiliate websites and to remember your custom video playlists , preferences , job title , story ratings ( if you have provided any ) , and membership status so that you do n't have to login each time you visit the website .
The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying ( PII ) and non-personally identifying ( non-PII ) information .
We also use browser plug-in cookies on our site , including Flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " to perform similar functions as browser cookies .
Like normal browser cookies , these cookies are represented as small files stored on your computer .
One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com .
Business partners of Forbes.com , vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com , third party analytics providers , as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser .
We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies placed by these companies , please click here .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie , choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies .
However , if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website , you may not be able to use certain features of the site .
To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here .
We use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) on our sites in order to recognize users , assess traffic patterns , identify preferred content and measure site engagement .
We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages , including newsletters , in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened .
Forbes.com also uses a reputable third party to collect information , including through the use of web beacons , browser cookies and other tracking technologies .
We may collect via web beacons various data provided by your browser while you are on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party .
This data is collected in the aggregate , but may include or be associated with other non-PII or PII that users have voluntarily submitted .
Log Files Forbes.com web and ad servers log information about a site user 's IP address , browser type and the current URL the user is requesting .
This information is always provided by each and every user 's browser .
These log files are stored in a secure location and used -- in an aggregated , anonymous manner -- in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website .
This information is automatically logged by most websites .
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website .
To Target Content and Advertising To develop and provide content and advertising to you
that is targeted to your interests , we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas .
We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party .
We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising .
To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications , such as notifications of activity by topic or contributor to the e-mail address that you provide to us .
Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile .
From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features , promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile .
To Provide Communications From Third Parties
We respect the privacy of our users and shall not disclose or distribute our user list to any third party , nor shall we permit anyone else to do so .
However , we do make available for rental our list of those registrants who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive third party offers as part of their user profile .
In those cases , your e-mail address will be transferred to the third party .
Control of Your Information Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as image , full name , e-mail address , password , location , country and the topics and contributors they are following , and they may elect to stop receiving marketing material from Forbes.com or on behalf of external third party business partners .
Users may choose to stop receiving such communications at any time by visiting their member profile page at http :
//blogs.forbes.com/account/ , or by following instructions at the end of any such e-mail received .
You may also request to delete your personal account if you wish to do so .
Please email us at the contact information included below .
We will respond to your request within 30 business days .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
When you are on an area of Forbes.com and are asked for personal information , you are sharing that information with Forbes.com as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com .
We use third parties to provide credit card processing , e-mail service providers and hosting services on our site .
When you sign up for such services , we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service .
In addition , if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion , please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser .
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site .
If you participate , we will request certain personally identifiable information from you , such as your name and e-mail .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes .
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests ; that company will be prohibited from using our users ' personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice .
You can log in to our site using sign-in services that bridge your social media login information with Forbes.com .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
These services give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Our website includes social media features , widgets and/or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These features are small content modules that users can embed on sites and may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , or set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
We offer widgets that are hosted on Forbes.com , like our embeddable video player .
Use of the Forbes.com widgets is subject to the Forbes.com terms of use , but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement .
Aggregate , Anonymous Information With Advertisers Forbes.com derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users .
In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated , anonymous information that we gather ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience .
We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties .
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites .
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
As Necessary to Provide Services to You
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf , such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings , processing transactions , or performing statistical analysis of our services .
We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service .
In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you .
In these cases , you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider .
In all cases , these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose .
In The Event of Sale or Bankruptcy
The ownership of Forbes.com may change at some point in the future .
Should that occur , we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you .
In the event of a sale , merger , public offering , bankruptcy or other change in control of Forbes.com LLC
and/or Forbes.com your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site .
Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner , but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information .
You will be notified as described below in " How will I know if the Privacy Policy is changed. "  
As Required By Law Forbes.com may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served on Forbes.com or to protect and defend the rights or property of Forbes.com .
Your information is stored on Forbes.com 's servers located in the United States .
We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy , including encryption , " firewalls " and the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access .
We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company .
However , " perfect security " does not exist on the Internet .
Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us -- including information such as your name , address , or e-mail address .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement , please feel free to contact us by e-mail at privacy @
We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one .
Our mailing address is Forbes.com LLC , Customer Service , 60 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1 , 2013 Introduction Collection of Information Use and Disclosure Security User Access and Control Other Important Information Contact Us Fox News Network , LLC
( " Fox News " or " we " ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , and widgets ( collectively , the " Fox News Services " ) .
By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Information from Social Media .
If you access or log-in to a Fox News Service through a social media service or connect a Fox News Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Fox News Services through social media services or when you connect a Fox News Service to social media services , you are authorizing Fox News to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you access and interact with the Fox News Services , we may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier .
Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
If Fox News wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Fox News provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent .
Third parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Fox News does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Fox News Services .
Information from Other Sources .
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services .
Fox News may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Fox News Services .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Fox News Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Fox News Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Fox News Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Fox News Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Fox News Services .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
Fox News and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service .
As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices .
To opt out of this type of advertising from Outbrain Inc , visit Outbrain 's website at http : //www.outbrain.com/privacy .
Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our Fox News Affiliates .
Fox News may share your information with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
Users who visit Affiliated Companies ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
Fox News may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of Fox News and others .
There may be instances when Fox News may disclose your information , including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Fox News , our Fox News Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Fox News may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us as outlined in Section 7 .
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes .
You may opt-out from :  Receiving electronic communications from us :
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email .
To cancel your account , email mailto : deleteaccount @ foxnews.com , subject , " Delete My Account " and include the email address that you registered your account with ( if different from the email address you 're sending the email from ) .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The Fox News Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Fox News Services or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : ldepartment @
Fox News Network , LLC 1211
Avenue of the Americas , 15th Floor New York ,
This privacy policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by Times Internet Limited and/or its subsidiary ( ies ) and/or affiliate ( s ) ( collectively referred to as the Company ) , which operates various websites and other services including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise ( collectively the " Services " ) .
This privacy policy forms part and parcel of the Terms of Use for the Services .
Capitalized terms which have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the Terms of Use .
As we update , improve and expand the Services , this policy may change , so please refer back to it periodically .
By accessing the Company website or this Application or otherwise using the Services , you consent to collection , storage , and use of the personal information you provide ( including any changes thereto as provided by you ) for any of the services that we offer .
The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects .
The information about the user as collected by the Company is : ( a ) information supplied by users and ( b ) information automatically tracked while navigation ( c ) information collected from any other source ( collectively referred to as Information ) .
A. INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY USERS Registration data :
When you register on the website , Application and for the Service , we ask that you provide basic contact Information such as your name , sex , age , address , pin code , contact number , occupation , interests and email address etc .
When you register using your other accounts like on Facebook , Twitter , Gmail etc.
we shall retrieve Information from such account to continue to interact with you and to continue providing the Services .
Subscription or paid service data :
When you chose any subscription or paid service , we or our payment gateway provider may collect your purchase , address or billing information , including your credit card number and expiration date etc .
However when you order using an in-app purchase option , same are handled by such platform providers .
The subscriptions or paid Services may be on auto renewal mode unless cancelled .
If at any point you do not wish to auto-renew your subscription , you may cancel your subscription before the end of the subscription term .
Voluntary information : We may collect additional information at other times , including but not limited to , when you provide feedback , change your content or email preferences , respond to a survey , or communicate with us .
B. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED/ TRACKED WHILE NAVIGATION Cookies To improve the responsiveness of the Application for our users , we may use " cookies " , or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique , random number as a User Identification ( User ID ) to understand the user 's individual interests using the identified computer .
Unless you voluntarily identify yourself ( through registration , for example ) , we will have no way of knowing who you are , even if we assign a cookie to your computer .
The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply .
A cookie can not read data off your hard drive .
Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser ( if you click on their ads ) , a process that we do not control .
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website , Application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc .
We automatically collect limited information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , mobile number , including your IP address , when you visit our site , application or service .
Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the pages you view .
We automatically receive and log information from your browser , including your IP address , your computer 's name , your operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed .
We may also collect log information from your device , including your location , IP address , your device 's name , device 's serial number or unique identification number ( e.g ..  UDiD on your iOS device ) , your device operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed etc .
We may use " clear GIFs " ( Web Beacons ) to track the online usage patterns of our users in a anonymous manner , without personally identifying the user .
We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
We use this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon request , to tailor our Site , Application or Service to the interests of our users , to measure traffic within our Application to improve the Application quality , functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come .
Information from other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources , add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy .
If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner , whom we provide services , your account information and order information may be passed on to us .
We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you Demographic and purchase information : We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions .
We use Google Analytics , among others , to track the user behaviour on our website .
Google Analytics specifically has been enable to support display advertising towards helping us gain understanding of our users ' Demographics and Interests .
The reports are anonymous and can not be associated with any individual personally identifiable information that you may have shared with us .
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google .
The Application may include links to other websites or applications .
Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control .
Once you leave our servers ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the application , you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the application 's homepage , you should contact the application owners directly for more information .
When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) about your visits to this and other websites or application , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent .
The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve the Services and provide you the most user-friendly experience .
In some cases/provision of certain service ( s ) or utility ( ies ) , we may require your contact address as well .
All required information is service dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to , maintain , protect , and improve the Services ( including advertising on the Application ) and for developing new services .
We may also use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent [ with an option to subscribe / unsubscribe ( where feasible ) ] .
We may , however , use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes ( such as notifying you of major changes , for customer service purposes , billing , etc. ) .
Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments , messages , blogs , scribbles available on social platforms like facebook , twitter etc .
Any posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by users on the public sections of the Application becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy .
In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Application , we may not be able to provide certain services on the Application to you .
We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account .
In any case , we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information .
When you register with the Application or Services , we contact you from time to time about updation of your personal information to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit / interest you .
The Company shares your information with any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances : a ) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences .
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations .
The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf .
We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
The Company may present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site .
The Company may share your information regarding your activities on websites or Applications with third party social websites to populate your social wall that is visible to other people however you will have an option to set your privacy settings , where you can decide what you would like to share or not to share with others .
When you use the Services Site ( or any of its sub sites ) , we make good faith efforts to provide you , as and when requested by you , with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible , subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required .
In any case , where we provide information access and correction , we perform this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
Because of the way we maintain certain services , after you delete your information , residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data .
All information gathered on TIL is securely stored within the Company controlled database .
The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited .
However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
And , of course , any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use our website , mobile application or services .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits or use to particular website , mobile application or services , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
The internet is an ever evolving medium .
We may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology , applicable law or any other variant .
In any case , we reserve the right to change ( at any point of time ) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use .
Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice , which we may give by posting the new policy on the Application .
Your use of the Application or Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes .
We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail .
In any case , you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the Application ) to ensure that you are aware of the latest version .
Any complaints , abuse or concerns with regards to the processing of information provided by you or breach of these terms shall be immediately informed to the designated Grievance Officer as mentioned below via in writing or through email signed with the electronic signature to grievance.it @ timesinternet.in or Mr. Anand Vaishnav ( Grievance Officer )  
Mr. Anand Vaishnav Grievance Officer ( Indiatimes.com )
Times Internet Limited 4th Floor , MPD Tower , DLF City Phase V , Opposite DLF Golf Course Gurgaon , Haryana 122002 ,
India Ph : 0124-4187000
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint :
- a ) Identification of the information provided by you ; b ) Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information ; c )
Your address , telephone number or e-mail address ; d )
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization , as the case may be ; e ) A statement , under penalty of perjury , that the information in the notice is accurate , and that the information being complained about belongs to you
; f ) You may also contact us in case
you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above .
The company shall not be responsible for any communication , if addressed , to any non-designated person in this regard .
Please note that the practices of Shutterstock , Inc .
( " Shutterstock " ) , with respect to personal information , are now governed by this Privacy Policy as same may be amended from time to time .
We encourage visitors to and users of our site to regularly review our Privacy Policy .
To update your information and preferences , see the section entitled " Updating/Deleting Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. "  
SHUTTERSTOCK is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user 's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices .
This Privacy Policy covers the site , www.shutterstock.com ( the " Site " ) .
Because the Site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe .
Shutterstock complies with the E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy , you should first contact privacy @
If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within 30 days of your first correspondence , you should contact TRUSTe at http : //www.truste.org
/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with Shutterstock to resolve your concerns .
All " Personal Information " ( " Personal Information " is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains ) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time .
Shutterstock reserves the right to amend the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice on the home page of the Site when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy .
If as the result of such changes , you want to alter the ways in which Shutterstock is allowed to use your Personal Information , you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled " Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. "  
You will be deemed to have been made aware of , and will be subject to , any material changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception : If at the time you provide Personal Information to Shutterstock you are given the opportunity ( as you currently are ) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you , either by Shutterstock or by third parties , Shutterstock will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent .
However , if Shutterstock is acquired by or merged with another entity , Shutterstock may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent , but Shutterstock will provide notice of such asset sales , acquisitions , or mergers on this Site .
Personal Information on this Site is collected by Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA and its telephone number is 1-866-663-3954 .
You have the right to access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences at any time .
This may be accomplished by clicking on the link , " My Account " , where you can view and make changes to most of your Personal Information immediately .
If you are a contributor , you can change your profile here .
For security purposes certain Personal Information can only be changed by contacting support by email .
As a visitor to the Site , you can engage in many activities without providing any Personal Information .
However , when you order products or services as a Shutterstock subscriber , we may collect the following Personal Information from you :  Contact information such as your name , phone and fax numbers , address and email address ; and Billing information such as the number , expiration date , card type and billing address of your credit card ; and Demographic information such as your job title , job description and company name and company type .
If you submit content to Shutterstock for licensing , you may be asked to provide the following information :  Contact information such as your name , phone number , primary address , and email address .
Shutterstock will verify this information by asking you to either : a ) upload a scan of a government issued ID ( which will be stored on our servers ) ; or b ) provide a credit card number .
Your credit card number will be used solely for the purpose of verifying your name and address .
The credit card number will not be stored .
Payment and contributor information including , but not limited to , payout method , payout email , desired display name , skill level , content focus , etc .
Depending upon the activity , some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary .
If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity , you will not be able to engage in that activity .
As is true of most websites , when you use the Site , Shutterstock or third parties authorized by Shutterstock may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services .
For example , we may log environmental variables , such as browser type , operating system , CPU speed , and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of your computer .
We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services .
Shutterstock also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site .
To better understand the needs of our visitors to the Site we may occasionally match such information with your Personal Information .
In order to reduce errors in our database , authenticate our users , and prevent abuse of our system , we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submit to us with information from third-party sources .
For example , we may supplement your contact information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database .
As permissible , we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information ( such as age or interest in photography ) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you .
Shutterstock uses one or more outside credit card processing companies to bill you for our goods and services .
To the best of our knowledge , these companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
We also share Personal Information with certain companies that perform services on our behalf .
We only share the Personal Information which is necessary for them to perform those services .
We require any company with which we may share Personal Information to protect that data in a manner consistent with this policy and to limit the use of such Personal Information to the performance of services for Shutterstock .
We do not sell or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services .
We do not sell , rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with third parties in any way other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
Shutterstock collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select .
Shutterstock or one of our trusted partners may use this information to :  Process your financial transactions .
Send you order / renewal confirmations .
Register your rights , if any , to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users .
Respond to customer service requests , questions and concerns .
Send you requested product or service information .
Keep you informed about special offers and services of Shutterstock and selected third parties .
Administer promotions and sweepstakes you enter and notify you of the results .
Investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and/or violations of our Terms of Service .
Meet our research and product/service development needs and to improve our Site , services and offerings ; and Customize your experience , including targeting our services and offerings to you .
We store information that we collect through cookies , log files , transparent images , and/or third party sources to create a summary of your preferences .
We tie your personally identifiable information , and/or your membership usage history , to information in the summary , in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers , to improve the content of the site for you and/or to determine your preferences .
We further reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law ( e.g. , to comply with a subpoena , warrant , court order , or legal process served on Shutterstock ) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , avoid litigation , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , and/or respond to a government request .
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security , law enforcement , or other issues of public importance .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at Support @
We will respond to your request within 30 days .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
You may " opt out " of receiving Shutterstock 's email updates , newsletters and/or partner emails by clicking on the " My Account " link on the Site and making the appropriate selections .
The choice to opt out of such communications is also generally available during the sign-up process .
Shutterstock will still contact you when there are changes to the Terms of Service or Submitter Terms & Conditions , as applicable .
In addition , we will still send you service-related announcements including , but not limited to , a registration email , benefit notification emails , emails automatically triggered by actions you took on the Site and bill related notices .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
If you wish not to receive them , you have the option of deactivating your account The Personal Information that you provide in connection with the use of the Site is protected in several ways .
Access by you to your account profile is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you .
This password is encrypted .
You should strive to use a strong , alpha-numeric password which you should not divulge to anyone .
Your Personal Information resides on a secure server that only selected Shutterstock personnel and contractors have access to via password .
Your Personal Information is encrypted whenever it is transmitted to Shutterstock .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We strive to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
While we use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you have any questions about security on our Web Site , you can send email to us at privacy @
The Site may automatically collect information as you browse , such as Internet Service Provider , browser type and version , operating system and device type , average time spent on our site ( s ) , pages viewed , information accessed , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and other relevant statistics .
Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data .
We and our partners may use cookies and action tags to keep track of your visits , preferences and profile information .
A cookie is a small , unique text file that a website can send to your computer when you visit a site .
We may use session cookies , which terminate when a user closes his or her browser , and/or persistent cookies , which remain on the user 's computer until manually deleted .
Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely .
If you do not want us to deploy cookies to your browser , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer .
Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site .
An action tag is similar to a cookie .
Action tags help us identify and track the performance of web pages on the Site , allowing us to measure the performance and quality of the Site and to manage Site content .
In addition , we may use action tags in emails .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns by showing , for example , how many emails have been opened .
Electronic tracking technologies are used to enhance your experience on the Site , including allowing you to remain logged in on the Site .
Cookies and pixel tags may also be used to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information that does not identify you personally .
However , we and our third party partners may use cookies to store some of your preferences ( including limited Personal Information ) or to display relevant content based upon what you view on our site .
We enable you to create a profile for accessing blogs or online communities for sharing information such as messages , photos and videos .
Please note that we can not control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information .
Any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room , such as the Forum For Contributors ( the " Forums " ) , is available to all persons accessing that location .
Your email address will not automatically be posted on the Forums unless you modify the default setting to permit that .
Your email address will then be available to all persons accessing the Forums .
In addition , any information that you choose to include in your profile can be viewed by all visitors to the Forums .
You can change your profile here .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site .
Shutterstock stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
Your friend may contact support @
shutterstock.com to request that we remove this information from our database .
We do not intend to solicit or collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18 .
If you are under 18 , do not enter information on this site or engage our services .
If you believe a child of yours under the age of 18 has entered Personal Information please contact Support @
Shutterstock.com to have the data removed .
Shutterstock takes its users ' privacy concerns seriously .
If you believe that Shutterstock has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information , you may contact the Privacy Officer at Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA .
In your letter please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Shutterstock Privacy Policy has not been complied with .
We will investigate your complaint promptly .
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your complaint or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with this Site to resolve your concerns .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact our Privacy Officer at privacy @
60 Broad Street , 30th Floor New York , NY 10004
USA 1-866-663-3954 NBC News , a division of NBCUniversal Media , LLC , a company incorporated under Delaware law , with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 , is responsible for this Website and its contents .
Related NBCUniversal 's Privacy Principles NBCU respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you .
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on this Website .
( The term personal information means information about you. )  
how we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information your rights and how you can contact us
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline .
Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website carefully .
Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
Advertise We may collect information when you interact with the Website , for example when you subscribe to newsletters , register for chat rooms , participate in competitions or games , purchase merchandise etc .
See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions .
You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number or email address ) through the Website .
If you choose not to provide us with your personal information , you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website ( e.g. subscribe to newsletters , enter competitions , and purchase products ) .
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website .
In order to do so , we may collect and use your personal information as follows .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience on the Website .
However , sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to : to provide technical support ; to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) ; or enforce our terms of service .
If you communicate with us through the Contact Us link on the Website , we may ask you for your contact details , such as your name , email address and telephone number
so we can respond to your questions and comments .
You may also choose to provide additional information as well .
On the Website , you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions .
To sign up , we may ask you for your contact details ( such as your name and email address ) .
This information is used by us to send you the communications you request Advertise Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed Your Rights below .
From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website .
When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services , we may ask you to provide your name , email address , postal address and telephone number .
This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for .
We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase , or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service ( such as PayPal ) to make payment .
If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process , please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider .
If you are a member of the media , you may join the Media section of the Website to access additional information .
To sign up , we may ask you for your personal information such as your name , email address , telephone number , and company name and job title .
We use this information to allow you to access additional information on the Website and to provide you with information that you may request .
We may occasionally conduct contests , sweepstakes and other promotions .
If you choose to enter , we may ask you for your contact details such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions .
When you play one of our games , we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game ( s ) .
To provide a richer game and social experience , we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service .
The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs , which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience in the following ways : to register your account and allow you to play our games to customise your gaming experience to administer games and improve game play to identify and suggest connections with other Website users to enable user-to-user communications to provide technical support and respond to user enquiries to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service to notify users of in-game updates to provide in-game leader boards to communicate about our / third parties ?
new and current games/products/services ( including promotional offers ) to solicit input and feedback to improve our products and services to resolve disputes , collect fees and troubleshoot problems Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from , and may also be governed by the terms of use , privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties
( in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook ) .
Advertise Personal information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information .
Please use caution when using these features of our Website .
Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behaviour that must be followed when using these sections of the Website .
You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us , but also with other users of this Website .
These include : participating in player forums and message boards posting public comments to other users ?
profiles or game boards sending private messages or invitations to other users , either directly on the Website or to their email accounts chat with other users post photos The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed ( i ) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order ; ( ii ) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement ; ( iii ) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime ;
( iv ) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person ; and ( v ) when necessary either to protect our rights ( including to enforce our terms of service ) or for us to provide the service you have requested .
Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website , for example , our smartphone applications .
We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment , which we may change from time to time .
We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children .
At various places on the Website or when providing other services , we may ask users for their age .
By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age .
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information , and before you use any features of this Website .
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account .
Do not disclose your password to anyone else .
Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google plus ( among others ) are integrated on our Website .
Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network , these are clearly marked ( e.g. with a Facebook button ) .
If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links , your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network .
The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser .
If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you .
If you interact with a social network plug-in ( e.g. you press the Facebook
Like feature , the Twitter Tweet this feature and Google plus 1+ button or equivalent ) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page , the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser .
If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website , there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network .
If you interact with us through a social media platform , plug-in etc.
then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile ( such as name , email address , photo , gender , location , the people/sites you follow etc. ) .
If you do n't want the social network to collect the information about you described above , or to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website .
As with other sites , you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser .
Like many companies , we use cookies or other similar technology ( including flash cookies , e-tags , cache browsers and GIFs etc ) on the Website .
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites .
We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest .
Cookies may enhance your online experience , for example , by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , while you are visiting a particular page on this site .
When you visit this site , we automatically collect certain personal information , that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single , identifiable individual .
This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed .
By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors .
We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website .
To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site , please click on About our ads at the bottom of each page [ put link ] .
Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements when you visit the site .
Without these cookies , online advertisements you encounter will likely be less relevant to you and your interests .
We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and/or connection information .
During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages and page interaction information .
We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis .
In order to better understand and serve our customers , we may conduct research based on customer demographics , interests and behaviours .
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally .
We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising , promotional and other business purposes .
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously .
Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we can not recognize you , we want you to be aware that these tools exist .
This Website is operated from the United States .
However , as a global company , NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally .
Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection .
By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries .
We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy .
We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf , such as hosting websites , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services , and processing payments .
These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would .
Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by NBCUniversal and another company .
If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register .
If so , both NBCUniversal and the partner will receive the information you provide when you register .
In addition , we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties ( including , amongst others , law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , content protection organisations ) : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process ; or ( 7 ) enforce our Terms of Use .
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets .
If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business .
You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer .
The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may operate independently from this Website .
Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites .
To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal ; we are not responsible for their content , maintenance or availability .
Like many other websites , we provide other websites with and allow users to snag or place our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites we do not control .
This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites .
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below .
Advertise We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review , update and correct it as and when necessary .
Such requests may be subject to a small fee .
To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your personal information .
If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website
and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , or the other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below .
If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website , you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request .
However , we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you would like to make such a request , update your marketing preferences ( including requesting being removed from our marketing list ) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by : submitting your inquiry here ; or writing to NBC News , 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112
If you choose to write , please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears .
This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
Updates to Our Privacy Notice .
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the internet , accessible through this Website .
By continuing to use this Website following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Website .
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( " Dow Jones " , " us " or " we " ) want you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with our websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , electronic newsletters and widgets ( collectively the " Dow Jones Online Services " ) that link to this Privacy Policy .
If there is a conflict between this Policy and a Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement , the Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement will take precedence .
This Policy describes Dow Jones 's collection and use of users ' Personal Information .
It also describes generally Dow Jones 's practices for handling Other Information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) collected through our Dow Jones Online Services or from a third party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device , user or user account .
As described more fully below , we share information with our affiliated companies ( " Dow Jones Affiliates " ) for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
A list of Dow Jones Affiliates is available here .
By using the Dow Jones Online Services or by providing personal information to us , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
The Dow Jones Online Services are a network of general audience sites , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14 years of age .
Dow Jones and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you : Personal Information " Personal Information " is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , credit or debit card number , profile picture , or social media account ID .
We collect Personal Information when , for example , you register for or subscribe to certain products or services , create a profile , participate in a sweepstakes , contest or game , take a survey , visit our Dow Jones Online Services , use an interactive feature ( such as Chat or Email This ) , or participate in a community forum .
We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties , such as social media services , commercially available sources , Dow Jones Affiliates , business partners , and , if applicable to you , the third party provider of your subscription .
The Personal Information we receive from third parties may include , for example , your name , contact information , information about your transactions , purchase history , or relationships with various product and service providers , and your use of certain applications .
For example , if you access a Dow Jones Online Service through a social media service or connect a Dow Jones Online Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends list , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Dow Jones Online Services through social media services or when you connect a Dow Jones Online Service to social media services , you are authorizing Dow Jones to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Other Information " Other Information " is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as browser information , app usage data , information collected through cookies and other technologies , demographic information , and aggregated information .
We collect Other Information when you submit it to us .
It may include your gender , zip code , birthday , education , occupation , financial information ( such as your income , investments , portfolio transactions and value , and other information ) , and interests .
Other Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Other Information about you from third parties , including , for example , demographic data , information about your interests , and information about your activities on other websites Other Information
When you access and interact with our Dow Jones Online Services , we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Dow Jones Online Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , potentially including your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Dow Jones Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( " UDID " ) , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Dow Jones and our service providers also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) when you visit or use the Dow Jones Online Services .
Third parties that support the Dow Jones Online Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as providing users with the ability to comment on content , allowing users to share content , customizing content based on usage , or tracking aggregate site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect Other Information .
Please see the Dow Jones Cookie Policy here for more information about our use of these technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/devnet/security.edu.html .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through our Dow Jones Online Services .
We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below .
Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law , then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information .
We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information , and when we do , we treat the combined information as Personal Information .
To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content , products and offers tailored to you , we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other Dow Jones products , services and websites .
In addition , we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from Dow Jones Affiliates or business partners .
To provide and manage our services .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products and services and features to you , including : to process and fulfill your subscription , to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us , to measure and improve those services and features , to allow you to comment on content and participate in online games , contests , promotions or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , including online chats , and to respond to inquiries .
Some Online Services use the information we collect in site-specific ways .
For example :  To provide you access through DJX .
Some enterprise users have access to DJX , which allows you to sign into several Dow Jones websites with the same user ID .
If you are a DJX enterprise user who previously subscribed to one or more products in the DJX suite , we may use Personal Information
you provided to transition your account to a DJX subscription .
If you are a new DJX enterprise subscriber , your account will be set up with a DJX user ID .
Please note that all subsidiaries of Dow Jones & Company , Inc. that provide products and services included in DJX will use your Personal Information to provide those products and services .
To provide you access to Collaboration Tools .
Some of our Online Services contain " Collaboration Tools " that allow you to share content and communicate with other users .
If you choose to use the Collaboration Tools , some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these Collaboration Tools .
To deliver relevant content and recommendations .
To make your experience more interesting and personalized , we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our Dow Jones Online Services .
For example , if you use WSJ.com and Factiva.com , we may use your WSJ.com reading history to personalize the content delivered to you on Factiva.com .
To deliver relevant online advertising .
The Dow Jones Online Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you ( in certain cases , such as with respect to financial information , only with your express permission ) to assist us in delivering relevant ads to you when you use the Dow Jones Online Services or another service provided by Dow Jones , Dow Jones Affiliates , or unaffiliated third parties .
( See Information We Collect , above , for details on the types of information we may use. )  
As noted above , we may work with third party online advertising companies and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you .
Information about your activities on our Dow Jones Online Services and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the Dow Jones Online Services and your social media service .
Dow Jones and Dow Jones Affiliates may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and services .
To help make these promotional materials more relevant to you , we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you promotional materials .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from us , you can change your account setting through the appropriate link on the website account services page or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notifications that you may not opt-out of , such as renewal notices and notifications of changes to Dow Jones products and services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
We may also use your information to respond to inquiries or requests you make to us .
To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others .
Dow Jones may use your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence .
Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings Certain
features on the Dow Jones Online Services give you an opportunity to interact with us and others .
These may include the Collaboration Tools , community forums , chats , submitting a letter to the editor , creating community profiles , and rating , tagging and commenting on articles .
When you use these features , you should be aware that any information you submit , including your name , user name , location , email address , profile information , picture , likes , status , and comments , including any political or religious or other beliefs you express , may be publicly available to anyone , including other users , search engines , advertisers , third party application developers , and anyone else with access to the Dow Jones Online Services .
We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit and make public through these interactive features .
Our Disclosure of Information Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Information with one another , as well as with Dow Jones Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , including for each company 's marketing purposes .
Please see the Introduction for more information about the companies that make up the Dow Jones subsidiaries and Dow Jones Affiliates .
Users who visit Dow Jones Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information .
In addition , we may share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy .
We share your Personal Information :  To manage corporate , third-party , and student subscriptions .
If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party , we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription .
If you have a student subscription associated with a professor or school , we may notify your professor or school to confirm your subscription , access or use .
When providing these notices , we may reveal limited amounts of your Personal Information such as your name or email address .
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing our services .
We may make your Personal Information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide our products and services by , for example : developing or supporting products and features ; sending email messages on our behalf ; processing payments ; fulfilling orders ; delivering subscriptions ; auditing ; processing data or statistics ; and serving , customizing or delivering marketing or ads .
These outside service providers are required to protect Personal Information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to us .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as conferences , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( " Co-Branded Services " ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Dow Jones Online Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To permit unaffiliated third parties to send you promotional materials.
If you subscribe to the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal or Barron 's print publications , we may share your contact information with unaffiliated companies whose products and services may be of interest to you .
While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies , if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose , please contact Customer Service as described below in How to Access , Correct or Update
If you sign up to receive a Special Offer on the MarketWatch.com Service , Dow Jones will forward your request along with your email and Special Offer delivery information , to the company making the relevant Special Offer so that it can contact you directly .
Once your information is provided to another company pursuant to your request it is not governed by this Privacy Policy .
If you subscribe solely to any other Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for such parties ' own marketing purposes if you have given us permission to do so .
To allow social sharing functionality.
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Dow Jones Online Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Dow Jones Online Services account and your social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Dow Jones Online Services account , and do not participate in social sharing on the Dow Jones Online Services .
To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others.
There may be instances when Dow Jones may disclose your Personal Information , including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence .
To complete a merger or sale of assets.
If Dow Jones sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Dow Jones may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Dow Jones uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting Customer Service in accordance with the instructions below .
You can access or modify your registration or subscription profile information and modify your marketing preferences by contacting Customer Service , as indicated below .
Most subscribers and registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites .
Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for our print and online editions , or for more than one of our publications or services , you may need to update your information for each separately .
Here are links to pages where subscribers and registered users may update their personal profile information and marketing preferences :  Wall Street Journal Customer Center Wall Street Journal Email Setup Barron 's Customer Center MarketWatch My Profile DJX - Factiva Customer Support
You may also contact Dow Jones Customer Service at service @
dowjones.com or by calling 1-800-DOWJONES ( U.S. only ) or 212-416-3858 ( outside the U.S. ) .
Local contact information for The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's is also available in the Contact Directory .
Local contact information for corporate enterprise products is available on the Customer Support site .
Your California Privacy Rights California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please write to us at :  Dow Jones & Company Attn : DM Disclosure Manager 200 Burnett Road Chicopee , MA 01020 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Dow Jones may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Dow Jones Online Services .
Your use of the Dow Jones Online Services or your provision of personal information to use following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our products and services , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment in such a case , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
The Dow Jones Online Services may also be linked to sites operated by third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games or applications developed and maintained by third parties .
Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a Dow Jones logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us .
For example :  A portion of The Wall Street Journal Archive is hosted by an unrelated company - ProQuest - through its ProQuest Archiver service , and all article purchases are processed by ProQuest .
ProQuest collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , and makes your information available to us .
We will treat all information that ProQuest provides about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The Portfolio feature is provided by a third party , LikeAssets .
LikeAssets collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , which is separate from this one .
Dow Jones is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Dow Jones Online Services or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacypolicy @
We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g. social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) when contacting us .
December 1 , 2012 We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used .
Please read the following to learn about our Privacy Notice .
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of the USATODAY.com website ( the " Site " ) .
Specifically , it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site , and the ways in which we use and share this information .
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us , or that we may collect ,
offline and/or through other means ( for example , at a live event , via telephone , or through the mail ) .
In addition , this Privacy Notice does not apply to any activities ( online or otherwise ) of the USA TODAY print newspaper .
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully .
By visiting and using the Site , you agree that your use of our Site , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service .
Because the Web is an evolving medium , we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future , in which case we 'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the " Last Updated " date to reflect the date of the changes .
By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes , you accept the Privacy Notice as modified .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the " Shine The Light " law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year .
If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to : Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator USA TODAY Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean , VA
The information that we collect about you while you are using the Site falls into two general categories , as described below .
The information we collect may be collected directly by us , or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider , or another third-party service provider , on our behalf .
Information You Provide to Us .
We may collect , through a variety of technologies and practices , and store information , including personally-identifiable information ( such as your name , postal address or e-mail address ) , or other information , that you voluntarily supply to us either while on the Site or in responding via e-mail in connection with a feature provided on the Site .
Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions , information that you post on blogs , discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site , information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site , and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to the Site .
We also may ask for information ( including a credit card number and other financial information ) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site .
If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
Information that is Automatically Collected .
We also collect and store non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the Site .
For example , we may collect information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , which allows us , among other things , to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site .
We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a " cookie " to enhance your experience with the Site .
Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us deliver advertisements , identify how many unique users visit us , and track user trends and patterns .
They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you have entered preference information before .
This Site also may use web beacons ( single-pixel graphic files also known as " transparent GIFs " ) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open our HTML-formatted e-mail messages .
If you want to limit the non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected while you use our Site , most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy settings .
For example , to disable cookies using Internet Explorer , select Internet Options under the Tools menu and click on Privacy .
Select High or Block All Cookies .
To disable cookies using Mozilla Firefox , select Options under the Tools menu .
If you choose to disable cookies , or turn off other functionality , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways , including , for example , to process your registration request , provide you with services and communications that you have requested , customize features and advertising that appear on the Site , deliver our Site content to you , measure Site traffic , measure user interests and traffic patterns , and improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site .
We will not use the information that we collect while you are using the Site , nor will we authorize third parties to use such information , to mail or e-mail promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive such promotional offers .
If you wish to receive such promotional offers or view or update your preferences you may do so at registration.usatoday.com .
Otherwise , we may share information we collect while you are using the Site with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services .
If you do not wish your personally identifiable information to be used or shared for these purposes , send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice .
For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising and by , see the section Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting .
Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do not control .
When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third party Site , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services .
We also make some content , products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third party providers .
We may share with our provider partner any information you provide , or that is collected , in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner .
In some cases , the provider partner may collect information from you directly ; in which cases the privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner 's use of your information .
The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours .
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners , you should contact the provider partner directly for more information .
In addition , certain affiliated USA TODAY divisions , such as the USA TODAY print newspaper , provide online services that are separate from our Site and may be subject to privacy policies that are different from ours .
If you have any question about the privacy policy that applies to the online service you are using , you should click on the relevant link on the page of the service that you are using .
Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors if required to do so by law or if , in our business judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary : ( a ) to comply with legal process ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( c ) to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Site , us , our affiliates , our officers , directors , employees , representatives , our licensors , other users , and/or the public .
Please also note that as our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , or our Site , is acquired by another company , information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets .
We operate in compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising , www.aboutads.info .
We may use cookies , web beacons and similar technologies , and/or a third-party ad serving software , to automatically collect information about site users and site activity , and we may use this information to , among other things , serve targeted advertisements on this site .
The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests , trends and patterns , thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users .
We also may use third-party service providers , to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site .
We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site .
These providers may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site .
These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites that participate in our service providers ' advertising networks , that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers .
The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes .
Unless you affirmatively provide information , the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address , MAC address , cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer .
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party 's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice .
If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular service provider , or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a service provider 's information collection practices , go to www.aboutads.info .
You can opt out of the use of cookies by DoubleClick , one of our service providers , by visiting http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy .
Additionally , many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) .
You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers ' information collection practices , and opt out of such practices ( and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other , or all , NAI members ) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
If you would like more information on how to opt out of information collection practices , go to http :
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs , discussion forums , or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen , collected and used by others besides us .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
This children 's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 , and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information .
This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Site .
We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site , we will delete such information from our records .
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties .
We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site .
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we do NOT condition the participation of a child under 13 in the Site 's online activities on providing personally identifiable information .
If you are a registered member of our Site , you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the account tools available via the Site .
If you have subscribed to one or more of our e-mail newsletters , you may also change your subscriber information , modify your subscriptions , and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by visiting registration.usatoday.com .
If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information , please visit the customer service pages of our Site .
All information we gather on our Site is stored within a database to which only we and our hosting services provider are provided access .
However , as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our Site 's servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , our privacy practices , or your dealings with us , please contact us by writing to : Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator USATODAY.com Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean , VA 22107 Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents
How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies
Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting
Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy
Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information
For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand
This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada .
Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice .
Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information .
We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services .
For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines .
At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number .
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information .
back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest .
We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request .
They may contact you with special offers of possible interest .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account .
If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us .
You hereby consent to this .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request .
Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc .
We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf .
Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit .
To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person .
Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data .
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses .
back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  
As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here .
To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information .
You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information .
Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties .
By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties .
Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information .
Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements .
This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) .
For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page .
To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device .
Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services .
Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information .
We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered .
If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions .
Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device .
Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way .
Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings .
For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html .
HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities .
This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users .
Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past .
Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses .
A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above .
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf .
These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information .
We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content .
back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect .
No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen .
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates .
We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records .
By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) .
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information .
Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction :
( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity .
Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements .
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws .
Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity .
Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above .
The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children .
For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested .
This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc .
The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc .
Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 .
At the same time that The Washington Post Company and washingtonpost.com are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs , we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information .
In adopting this privacy policy , our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy .
Please note : this policy applies only to information collected by washingtonpost.com online , as specified below , and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by The Washington Post Company or its affiliates through other means Washingtonpost.com asks you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site .
During registration , washingtonpost.com asks for information such as your name , e-mail address , year of birth , gender , Zip code , country , street address , Job Title , Primary Responsibility , Job Industry and Company Size .
The more information you provide , the better we are able to customize your experience .
We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion , when you post an online ad , when you participate in our message boards , or when you order products from us .
Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us , we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy .
See below about cookies and what other information is collected .
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you , the user , with a customized experience on our network of sites .
This includes personalization services , interactive communications , online shopping and many other types of services , most of which are completely free to you .
Washingtonpost.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways .
A user 's personally identifiable information may be used by washingtonpost.com for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey .
Additionally , we may also use the information provided by you to : 1 ) contact you with legal notices , 2 ) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions , and 3 ) account status ( including confirmation of registrations ) .
If you do not wish to receive the foregoing and therefore unregister from the site , please contact Customer Care and ask to have your registration account deleted .
Once your account has been deleted , you will no longer have access to washingtonpost.com , however , you may reregister at any time .
We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about The Washington Post Company and its affiliates .
However , if you no longer wish to receive the foregoing , please contact Customer Care to request removal from this list .
Further , if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us , we will send you those e-mail subscriptions .
Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences , we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy ( e.g. , to notify you about changes or additions to our Service , such as new features ) .
However , if you no longer wish to receive any of the foregoing , you may change your preferences for the future at any time by clicking on the following link : https :
actmgmt/registration/addnewsletter
In order to provide services free of charge , we display advertisements .
washingtonpost.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers .
Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( for example , females over 25 years old ) .
We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria .
In this process , the advertiser never has access to you washingtonpost.com account .
Washingtonpost.com also does research on our users ' demographics , interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration , on order forms , during a promotion , as well as from our server log files or from surveys .
We do this to better understand and serve our users .
This research is compiled and analyzed and washingtonpost.com may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses .
In addition , under confidentiality agreements , washingtonpost.com may match user information with third party data .
When you are on an area of washingtonpost.com and are asked for personally identifiable information , you are providing that information to The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or vendors providing contractual services for washingtonpost.com ( such as hosting vendors and list managers ) .
If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these , our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information unless notice is given prior to transfer .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by expressing this preference , if requested .
Additional information about personally identifiable information follows .
Promotions that run on washingtonpost.com may be sponsored by companies other than washingtonpost.com or may be co-sponsored by washingtonpost.com and another company .
