Some or all personally identifiable information provided by you during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor .
If information will be shared , we will disclose such sharing prior to the transfer .
You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do n't want your personally identifiable information to be shared .
In certain circumstances , you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information .
Currently , most washingtonpost.com promotions are limited to U.S. or North American residents .
Advertisers and Links : washingtonpost.com advertisers , or Web sites that have links on our site , may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you .
The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to washingtonpost.com are not covered by this privacy statement .
If you make a purchase or request a service from a business in Marketplace , the information you provide for that transaction ( as well as tracking information and cookies as described below ) is provided directly to the Marketplace business .
Businesses listed in washingtonpost.com Marketplace have separate privacy and data collection practices .
washingtonpost.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies .
For more information regarding the business and its privacy policy , go to that business ' home page and click on the appropriate link .
If we run competitions or contests on the site , you may be required to provide additional information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate .
The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used .
If you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving e-mail from us , we may send you e-mails about washingtonpost.com products , promotions , or services as well as on behalf of other companies .
You can change your account preferences at any time .
In addition , in each advertising email you will be provided an ability to opt-out of receiving future emails from the advertiser .
We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers , sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access .
Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies .
Washingtonpost.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others .
Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection , a user 's personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer .
washingtonpost.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement , may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) washingtonpost.com 's rights or property , other washingtonpost.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities , pursuant to a request from law enforcement , a subpoena , or a court order , or when otherwise may be required by law .
Data Security : We have in place physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online .
However , as effective as these measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet .
Web servers serving washingtonpost.com automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information , such as which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors .
This information is used for various purposes including internal review , to tailor information to individual visitors and other users , for traffic audits , and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy .
We also provide this information ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) about our users on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our advertisers .
Washingtonpost.com places a cookie on the browser of a washingtonpost.com user 's computer to store and sometimes track information about you .
A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site ; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns .
For example , cookies are used to ensure that you do n't see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter your login name or password during your visit .
We may also use cookies to understand your use of the Service .
Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies .
You may opt out of those cookies as described below .
You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by washingtonpost.com by changing the setting on your browser .
Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser , not just the ones delivered by washingtonpost.com .
Online advertising for washingtonpost.com is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick .
DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads for instance , to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before , and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements .
You can opt out of DoubleClick 's use of cookies for these purposes by visiting http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ .
In some cases , we and advertisers on washingtonpost.com and other sites work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests .
These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads on our site and other sites that they believe you would find most relevant .
You can opt out of those vendors ' use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/ .
Often our advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads .
In this case , an ad serving vendor contacts the advertisers ' hosting service for a particular advertisement .
In that case , an independent cookie may be used by the third-party service .
We do not have a mechanism to allow visitors to opt-out of cookies from vendors with whom we do not have a contractual relationship .
Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name , address or e-mail address .
In general , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If , in limited circumstances , we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection .
In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace , and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena .
If we need to change our policy in the future , we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect .
Copyright 1999 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2010 WP Company LLC
d/b/a The Washington Post Privacy Policy Below is the main Privacy Statement for Reuters .
There will be additional Privacy Statements that apply to other services connected with this site offered by Thomson Reuters Corporation .
Please read these at the time you register or subscribe for these services .
At Reuters we collect different types of information about our visitors and consumers for four main reasons :  To provide personalised services unique to individual visitors and consumers .
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer to you .
To sell advertising space on Reuters websites .
Only with the consent of each consumer , to market our services to individual consumers .
Please follow the links below for further information .
How Reuters May Use Your Information Updating Your Personal Information
Who Reuters May Share Your Information
With Use of Cookies About Reuters Advertising Legal Information
How to Contact Reuters About Your Personal Information , and/or this Privacy Statement Changes to this Privacy Statement Reuters does our utmost to protect your privacy through the appropriate use of security technology .
This means : We ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures in place to protect your information .
We ensure that when we use other services providers for any processes , these service providers also have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information .
Reuters respects your privacy .
You should only receive marketing emails from Reuters and/or from Reuters preferred third parties which you have agreed to .
It will be made clear to you where you have these choices .
For example , by providing check boxes for you to decide whether you wish to receive these offers in marketing .
Reuters may , however , email you occasionally with information or questions about your account .
Reuters will only collect and use your information where we have legitimate business reasons , and we are legally entitled to do so .
Reuters will be transparent about the information we will collect on you and how we will use your information .
Reuters will only use your information for the purpose ( s ) for which they were originally collected and we will ensure any old information is securely disposed of .
Reuters is accessible via the internet .
This means that any collected information can be accessed from anywhere in the world .
If Reuters or our service providers transfer your information outside of your country , or outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , all protection required under the law shall remain in place .
With Us Personal Identifiable Information " is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , and/or credit card number .
Reuters collects Personal Information ( PII )
ONLY when you submit it to us , including when you register or subscribe for certain Thomson Reuters products and services , complete a survey , or participate in a forum .
The Personal Identifiable Information ( PII ) that Reuters collects is First Name , Last Name , Email Address , Screen Name , Street Address , Zip/Postal Code/Location , and Country .
The only mandatory field above is email address when creating a Reuters account .
We also ask optional profile questions that include , Investing Background , Risk Profile , Job Title , Job Function/Occupation , Industry , and no. of Staff/Company Size .
None of which are required .
The Reuters Loyalty Survey is another way we gather information about our users .
This survey is only presented to registered users who have logged in 4 times during the last 30 days .
The following questions will be presented to the user if they are selected , including what industry to do you work , what is your job title , and what size company do you work for .
This survey helps us better understand our audience .
The minimum information we need to register a consumer is an email address and a password .
We will ask further questions for different services , including sales promotions .
Unless stated , all registration questions are compulsory .
We may also ask some further , voluntary questions during registration for certain services so we can gain a clearer understanding of our visitors and consumers .
This also enables us to personalize services for our visitors and consumers .
Information we Automatically Collect Reuters automatically collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) on all visitors and consumers interacting with our online services , including your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited .
If you access our Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( " UDID " ) .
This information is used to personalize your experience across all Reuters platforms .
It also allows us to display relevant content , services and advertising to the appropriate audience .
For Reuters Registered Consumers Reuters offers a My Profile page where you can update your personal information at any time , including resetting your password , email subscriptions , and managing your payment information .
When you are logged in , you can get to this page from most pages on the site - simply click on My Account at the top of the screen .
For All Reuters Consumers ( registered and non-registered )  Reuters offers a way to update your marketing profile information .
Simply click on the AdChoices Icon ( us the actual Icon here ) at the bottom of most pages .
A window will popup and allow you to update your marketing preferences or opt-out of targeted advertising .
If you opt-out you will continue to see advertising but it will not be tailored to your interests .
Reuters will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given your permission .
With your permission , we will only share your information with carefully chosen third parties .
Reuters may offer via the site third party services , such as video recommendations , article recommendations , social login , social sharing , social commenting , live news feeds , and surveys .
Any information which is collected by Reuters when you access a third party service is processed under this Privacy Statement .
Information collected by third party operators themselves will be governed by their own privacy statement .
Reuters may use service providers to help us run this site or services available on the site , some of whom may be based outside your country or the European Economic Area .
Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected , and in compliance with Data Privacy laws .
Reuters may also independently audit these service providers to ensure they meet our standards .
Reuters use cookies and other similar anonymous tracking technologies for a number of reasons .
Reuters use anonymous cookies for statistical purposes to track how many unique consumers we have and how often they visit the Reuters sites .
Reuters collect data about which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of visitors and consumers from which countries .
Reuters use registration cookies to track if registered consumers are logged in .
This allows you to access services that require registration such as purchasing analyses or commenting on articles .
You must enable Reuters to place cookies on your computer to register and use services requiring registration .
Reuters use cookies with privacy compliant third parties to collect anonymous user information .
These third party cookies ( flash and non-flash ) and web beacons are used for video recommendations , article recommendations , social sharing and other similar services and collect information such as your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited .
Both Reuters and third party advertisers use cookies to collect anonymous statistical advertising data .
This may include whether a visitor has seen an advertisement and if so , how long ago , how many have seen the advertisement once and how many have seen it more than once .
Further information is available below concerning Online Behavioural Advertising .
Placing cookies on your computer means Reuters may serve you advertisements possibly more interesting to you , and allows us to control the number of times you see advertisements and measure effectiveness of ad campaigns .
Further information is available below in the Online Behavioural Advertising section , including how you can opt out of online behavioural advertising .
You can turn cookies off , but if you do this , you may not be able to use some services on the Reuters site , and you might see more pop-ups and other intrusive advertising , as we wo n't be able to limit what you see using cookies .
You will however still be able to view editorial content .
For more information on managing your cookies , including how to turn them off , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above .
By permitting cookies to be used you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described above .
Online Behavioural Advertising ( OBA ) allows us to deliver targeted advertising to visitors to the Reuters sites .
OBA works by showing you advertisements which are based on the type of content you have been reading , and delivering advertisements which we believe may be of interest to you .
As you browse Reuters , one of the cookies placed on your computer will be an advertising cookie
so we can better understand what sort of pages you are interested in .
The information collected about your computer enables us to group you with other computers who have shown similar interests .
We can then display advertising to you which is based on these interests .
For instance if you have been reading a lot of Food and Drink articles we may decide to show you more advertisements based on food and drink .
It 's important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we employ requires us to collect or use personally identifiable information like your name , email address , postal address or telephone number .
Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA which enables us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your online reading away from the Reuters site .
For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothing shop you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing .
This allows companies to advertise to visitors who are interested in their content after they leave their website .
Reuters may also want to share behavioural data with other websites .
This may mean that when you are on other websites you are served advertising based on your behaviour on Reuters , and on Reuters you may be served advertising based on your behaviour on other sites .
If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using this website .
It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised or relevant to you .
If you would like to manage your advertising profile , interests and learn how to opt out of online behavioural advertising , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above .
If you would like to further read about OBA please visit http : //www.iab.net/public_policy/behavioral-advertisingprinciples .
Please visit http : //bluekai.com/privacypolicy.php for the privacy statement of our online behavioural targeting technology provider .
Other Advertising Reuters contains contextual affiliate links from which we may earn revenue .
Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' or ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' .
Please note that Reuters reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both ourselves and our visitors and consumers .
For the purposes of Data Privacy legislation , Thomson Reuters is the Data Controller for data collected through Reuters sites , and services provided .
Reuters Limited , a Thomson Reuters company , Thomson Reuters Building , 30 South Colonnade , Canary Wharf , London , E14 5EP .
If you would like to obtain a copy of your information held by Thomson Reuters , or have any queries regarding Thomson Reuters use of your information please contact the Global Privacy Officer at the above address , or by emailing privacy.enquiries @
Should Reuters elect to change our Privacy Statement , we will post the changes here .
Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered visitors and consumers with the new details .
Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes .
Changes to this Policy November 2011 :
The Privacy Statement has been completely updated to include further information on marketing preferences , data collection , data sharing , use of cookies and user control over their own personal information on Reuters websites .
Last Updated : November 18 ,
2013 Bloomberg L.P. ( " BLP " ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively " Bloomberg " ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) .
BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc .
For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion .
This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you .
We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here .
You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here .
Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you .
Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase .
Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law .
BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use " cookies , " Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites .
This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site .
BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc .
However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information .
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources .
If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer
you use to surf the Web .
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device .
The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data .
You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web .
Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc. ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one .
Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device .
However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests .
BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites .
Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you .
We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site .
The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
BLP adheres to the industry 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising located here .
To " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here .
To " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( " NAI " ) online behavioral advertising member networks , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here .
Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by such member networks and participating companies , you will still receive online advertising .
BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site .
For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here .
BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( " Third-Party Provider " ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here .
Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated .
If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use .
Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy .
BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly .
The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg .
Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies .
Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers .
BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information .
To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service .
To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category .
All requests must include the following information : first name , last name , and e-mail address and " Privacy " in the Subject line .
While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws .
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country .
By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers .
BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites .
Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites .
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category .
Please include " Privacy " in the Subject line of your inquiry .
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please send an email with your first name , last name , mailing address , email address and telephone number to privacy @
Please include California Privacy Rights in the Subject line of your email .
You may also make such a request by writing to us at :
Bloomberg L.P. Attn : Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York , NY 10022
BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page .
Such changes will be effective upon posting .
Intermarkets Privacy Policy Revised : July 17 , 2013 Intermarkets , Inc.
is an online advertising management services firm that offers advertisers opportunities to display their interactive ads on websites that are included within the Intermarkets Portfolio .
Our services streamline the selection and delivery of interactive ads for advertisers and website publishers .
We also provide targeted advertising services using non-personal information that is gathered across multiple , unaffiliated websites .
Your privacy is important to us , and we are committed to protecting the personal information you choose to share with us .
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products , services , and websites offered by Intermarkets or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , protect , and share information when you are served an advertisement from when you use the Intermarkets website www.intermarkets.net or one of the website publishers that are included in our Portfolio ( collectively Site ) .
For a current list of the websites within our Portfolio , please click here .
This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences .
By using the Site , you consent to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Intermarkets does not own , control , manage , or employ .
Intermarkets uses ADTECH as its ad server .
ADTECH 's privacy policy can be found here .
We are committed to following the National Advertising Initiative 's ( NAI ) privacy principles .
We collect information that personally identifies you , such as your name , username , email address , credit card details , and other information as we may from time to time request at our discretion ( Personally Identifiable Information ) only if you choose to share such information with us .
For example , you may be asked to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information when you register with or use our services , when you register with or use the Site , and at other times .
The decision to provide this information is optional ; however , if you elect not to register with or provide such information , you may not be able to access certain content , features , or services available on or through the Site .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Intermarkets service , such as service announcements , administrative messages , special promotions , and Intermarkets newsletters , which are considered part of your account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
We automatically collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information when you use the Site
Personally Identifiable Information includes demographic information ( such as age , gender , city or state ) and a user 's click stream information .
Click stream data is anonymous and can include information such as your IP address , Web pages viewed , the date and time at which those pages were viewed and interaction with content and advertisements on those Web pages .
Technologies used to collect this click stream data include cookies and Web beacons .
Personally Identifiable Information and stores it in log files .
We use this information to help us understand how people use our Site .
For example , each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use , your operating system , your ISP , which pages you view , and the time and duration of your visits to the Site .
We may augment our click stream data with non-personally-identifiable behavioral and demographic data from third party Services Providers ( defined below ) to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site and those of our Portfolio publishers .
This anonymous data may include such things as zip code , age , gender , and income range .
We utilize the non-personal information described above to better customize the sort of advertisements you see .
This information also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes .
We also aggregate anonymous cookie data in order to identify large audience segments that assist advertisers in targeting their campaigns to the most relevant Internet audience .
The use and collection of information by our third-party advertising Service Providers is governed by the individual privacy policies of those providers .
The majority of our advertising Service Providers are members of the NAI .
You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers ' information collection practices , and opt out of such practices ( and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other , or all , NAI members ) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp Cookies and Web Beacons : We may use cookies ( a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser ) , Web beacons ( an electronic file placed on a website that monitors usage ) , and other similar technologies to improve the quality of the Site and to better target and analyze consumer behavior with the goal of providing better and more relevant advertising .
Our cookie does not include your name or anything personal to you .
It simply tells us that we have encountered your computer at some prior point .
Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies .
Alternatively , you are always free to opt out of the cookies .
Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf .
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
We use Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only , such as to notify you of new products or services , to send service notifications , to customize the advertising and content you see , to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve the Site , to conduct research , to solicit your feedback and input about the Site , and to provide more relevant and effective products , services , and advertisements on or through the Site .
Personally Identifiable Information and Non-
Personally Identifiable Information may be combined with data collected from other sources so that we may further improve the relevance and effectiveness of products , services , and advertisements offered on or through the Site .
We will not sell , share , or rent Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , and we will not otherwise disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , without your permission , except as expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
Intermarkets may share Personally Identifiable Information with its service providers that help Intermarkets provide the services that you request ( Service Providers ) .
For example , we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services , such as credit card processing , advertising , analytics tools , data management services , Web hosting , and Web development .
We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services , however , each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure .
Only : We may use , and disclose to third parties , certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information regarding the Site ( e.g. , number of visits , page views , and the like ) without your permission .
However , such information does not identify you individually .
Other Transfers : We may share Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with businesses controlling , controlled by , or under common control with Intermarkets .
If Intermarkets is merged , acquired , or sold , or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets , we may disclose or transfer Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable
Information in connection with such transaction .
You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if , in our discretion , the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement : Intermarkets cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
Intermarkets reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if , in our discretion , we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests ( including court orders and subpoenas ) , to protect the safety , property or rights of Intermarkets or of any third party , to prevent or stop any illegal , unethical , or legally actionable activity , or to comply with the law .
IF YOU DO NOT WANT INTERMARKETS TO SERVE
USING OUR COOKIE , CLICK
TO REPLACE YOUR UNIQUE INTERMARKETS COOKIE WITH OPT-OUT COOKIES FROM AOL ADVERTISING AND LOTAME SOLUTIONS .
YOU CAN ALSO OPT OUT OF RECEIVING COOKIES FROM OTHER MEMBERS OF THE NETWORK ADVERTISING INITIATIVE BY CLICKING HERE .
This opt-out functionality is cookie-based .
When you receive this cookie , Intermarkets ' systems will know that you have opted out and will not attempt to assign other Intermarkets cookies in the future .
In order for the opt-out to work on your computer , your Web browser must be set to accept third-party cookies and the Intermarkets opt-out cookie must remain on your computer for us to recognize you as an opt-out user .
If you buy a new computer , change Web browsers , or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
In some cases , Intermarkets works with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests .
These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads that they believe you would find most relevant .
You can opt out of those vendors ' use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
PLEASE NOTE that if you erase or otherwise alter your browser 's cookie file ( including upgrading certain browsers ) you may need to opt out again .
PLEASE NOTE that opting out of the ad-serving cookie does not mean that you will stop seeing either pop up advertising or banner ads embedded in websites .
You can control many pop ups by using free software available on the Internet or by disabling JavaScript on your browser .
Intermarkets has no control over the use or frequency of pop-up ads employed by website publishers or software manufacturers .
Intermarkets does not keep data on its own servers ; instead the data is kept on the End User 's computer in the Intermarkets cookie .
The data is stored in the cookie until the cookie is deleted by the End User .
End Users can delete the cookie at any time , as explained in this Privacy Policy .
The Site may contain links to websites or content operated and maintained by third parties .
Intermarkets does not control those sites or their privacy practices , which may differ from our practices .
If you click on a link or an advertisement , the privacy policy of the website to which you link will govern the collection and use of your information by that website 's operator ( s ) .
You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk .
You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing any information to the website .
For more information , please click here .
These terms refer to applications that are downloaded to your computer .
These types of applications deliver ads ( usually in the form of pop-up type ads ) based on your web usage .
We do not participate in any way with spyware or adware applications , and we do not download these types ( or any types ) of applications without your expressed acceptance .
Cookies and .swf files are not spyware or adware , and they are not harmful to your computer .
Please be advised that , whenever you voluntarily post information to any Intermarkets community page or any other public forums , such information can and may be accessed by the public .
This means that any person or entity with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose , including sending unsolicited communications .
We recognize the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your information .
Accordingly , we employ standard security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access .
However , no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to protect any information you transmit on or through the Site , please be advised that Intermarkets assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third-party access , or other causes beyond Intermarkets ' reasonable control .
We process and store all information in the United States .
By using our Site , you agree that the collection , use , transfer , and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States .
The Intermarkets Site is directed to , and intended for use by , adults only .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received information from a child under the age of 13 , we will delete such information from our records .
Because we do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 , we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties .
Intermarkets may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , and so you should review this Policy periodically .
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site .
Those changes will go into effect on the Revision Date shown at the top of the revised Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of the Site constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy .
When you use the Intermarkets website , you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy , and Intermarkets will have the right to use your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy , you must discontinue use of the Intermarkets website .
You can also access , correct , or change your Personally Identifiable Information , or opt out of our direct marketing efforts , by sending an email to info @ intermarkets.net .
Once a request to opt out has been received , Intermarkets will send a confirming email message to the user that the user 's Personally Identifiable Information has been successfully opted out of Intermarkets ' database .
If you do not receive this confirmatory email , then please contact us to ensure that your request was received and processed .
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please email us at info @ intermarkets.net or send us a letter at Intermarkets , Inc. , Attention :
Privacy , 11911 Freedom Drive , Suite 1140 , Reston , VA 20190 .
For the privacy policies for each of our Portfolio publishers , please visit their sites .
Links to our Portfolio publishers ' websites are located in our Media Kit .
AccuWeather wants to assure that visitors to and users of AccuWeather sites , including the wired sites , the mobile sites , and applications whether using or not using the http : //www.accuweather.com/ sites ( jointly and severally referred as the AccuWeather Sites ) , are provided with appropriate information and choice mechanisms to make and implement informed decisions on using the AccuWeather Sites , including but not limited to providing Personally Identifiable Information ( 'PII ' ) .
Your use of the AccuWeather sites indicates your consent and acknowledgement to the practices described in this Privacy Statement .
We want you to know that AccuWeather is committed to safeguarding your privacy online .
As AccuWeather expands its offerings and as technology evolves , we may , from time to time , update our privacy practices to address these .
Please check this page on a regular basis for updates to this Privacy Statement .
THE ACCUWEATHER SITES , AND THE PRODUCTS , SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE SITES , MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR USE BY CHILDREN .
We collect information on the AccuWeather Sites during the registration process and through your use of the AccuWeather Sites for business purposes that will allow us to better and more efficiently serve you .
Our personalization , interactive communications , online commerce and other types of services , allow us to deliver better service and content that is relevant to our user base .
Some uses AccuWeather makes of this information are processing and verifying subscriptions , billing , and providing you with up-to-date information on the newest AccuWeather products .
Third parties , providers , advertisers and vendors ( hereinafter " Providers " ) may be utilized by AccuWeather in conjunction with the operation of the AccuWeather Sites and the products , services , and advertising related to them .
These Providers may also collect information .
- You may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you or allows AccuWeather and/or its Providers to contact you .
Generally this information is requested when you are asked to register for fee-based services , although some free products and services may also request or require registration .
You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name , address , and email address ( collectively ' Personally Identifiable Information ' or ' PII ' ) , as well as select a username and password ( if one is not selected for you by AccuWeather ) .
You may be asked for information which is no considered PII , such as a zip/postal code and/or country of origin .
As a registered subscriber or user , you may be able to download software , enter contests , order e-mail newsletters or participate in additional services .
In addition to the PII obtained at registration , you may be asked for information at other times , such as when you make a purchase or register for a service on or through the AccuWeather Sites , when you submit a listing for a web site , or when you report a problem with one of our sites or services .
However , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through email , or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others .
In addition to the information that you may proactively provide or voluntarily disclose , your mere use of the AccuWeather Sites may result in the assignment of unique identifying numbers and/or codes which may be used to allow AccuWeather and its Providers and others who assist AccuWeather in the support of the AccuWeather Sites and the products and services offered on the AccuWeather Sites , including advertisers , to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on the AccuWeather sites .
This type of information is considered User Data ( as defined below ) .
By using the AccuWeather Sites , you acknowledge and consent to such activity .
To provide location-based services , AccuWeather and its partners and licensees utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect , use , and/or share precise location data ( such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device ) or information that can be used to approximate a location ( such as a cell ID ) , including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device .
This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by AccuWeather and its partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services .
By accepting AccuWeather 's Privacy Statement and/or by using AccuWeather 's products and/or services , you consent to use by AccuWeather and its Providers , partners and licensees of such geographic tracking technologies .
- If you contact AccuWeather we may keep a record of that correspondence , and may further prompt you for further information , depending on the nature of the contact .
We may also occasionally ask that you voluntarily participate in certain promotions , surveys or contests ( 'Special Programs ' ) , or enable automatic entry into such Special Programs via log-on entries .
At such times , AccuWeather may disclose your PII to sponsors of the Special Program , and we may or may not describe this to you prior to transferring the data .
Special Programs may also be subject to additional or different terms , or may be shared or used in a slightly different way .
If different terms do apply , details of the specific terms and conditions or rules for these Special Programs may or may not be provided by posting to the AccuWeather Sites or upon registration for the Special Program , on a case-by-case basis , subject to AccuWeather 's terms For Sharing PII.
To the extent unique information , which is not in itself PII , such as personal profile , anonymous identifier ( s ) , demographic information , behavioral information , browser identifiers , session information , device type , carrier provider , unique device ID , UUID/UDID , carrier user ID , web sites visited , IP address and traffic data , is associated with PII , then such unique information shall NOT be considered PII , but shall be considered User Data .
Additionally , PII does NOT include information that is collected anonymously ( i.e. without identification of the individual user ) or demographic or behavioral information that is not connected to or correlated with an identified individual .
It 's important for us to know our users .
We deliver valuable products and services , We are able to accomplish this through the use of Providers , such as advertisers , to produce the income we need to operate the free areas of the AccuWeather Sites .
Providers are like most businesses in that they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the AccuWeather Sites .
They may want to know how many people will see their ad , and how often .
The advertising companies may use information ( including or not including PII ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
These companies may also employ , among other things , Cookies , Web Beacons , Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in furtherance of their services to AccuWeather .
To make the AccuWeather Sites more valuable to our customers and our visitors , we may offer some products , services or features in conjunction with Providers .
Many wireless products , for example , may be made available through cooperative arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products , information or services that work well with AccuWeather Sites , products and services .
In some instances , our Providers may have the same access to your PII as we do .
Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies or statements , which you may find on their websites .
- We use third-party companies to serve ads when you visit the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , including Microsoft .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here :
( http : //www.aboutads.info/choices ) or here : ( http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp ) ; or for Microsoft advertising , click here :
You may also go to the sites and policies of our Providers to find out more about technologies utilized by them in the course of providing services to the AccuWeather Sites .
Occasionally , you may seek access to certain products and/or services on the AccuWeather Sites that are only available through third parties , either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to the AccuWeather Sties .
When ordering , registering for or purchasing products or services from these Providers , you may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider , and not with AccuWeather , and supplemental Provider Terms may apply .
You should read and understand the Providers ' terms of use and policies before using their site or entering into agreements with them , since they may differ substantially from this Privacy Statement and other applicable AccuWeather terms and conditions .
AccuWeather is not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility over the contents or use of the Provider sites , products and/or services and is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked or hosted site .
You should contact our Providers directly should you have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy policies of our Providers ' web sites .
We may provide information and contact information about our Providers in this policy or on the AccuWeather Sites , but we take no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate .
The information is provided for convenience only , but it is your responsibility to seek out and contact such entities .
The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising , data collection and use practices ( OBA ) .
This means that certain information regarding your internet viewing behaviors or practices , over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not the AccuWeather Sites , may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to you .
If you desire to " opt-out " of this OBA process , you can use the link at http : //www.aboutads.info/choices to do so .
This hyperlink and process is the recommended tool for such " opt-out " provisions of the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising , to which AccuWeather endeavors to adhere to , as a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau .
Some or all of the AccuWeather Sites make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting .
The AccuWeather Sites may also make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features , including Remarketing , Google Display Network Impression Reporting and/or the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration .
We are required by Google to disclose the following information to you in our Privacy Statement in connection with our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the AccuWeather Sites :
You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ads Settings page .
You may also prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on .
If the AccuWeather Sites make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing feature , AccuWeather will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third party vendors , including Google , may show AccuWeather ads on sites across the Internet .
AccuWeather and third party vendors , including Google , may use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookies ) and third party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to ( a ) inform , optimize and serve ads based on a user 's past visits to the AccuWeather Sites , and/or ( b ) report how your ad impressions , other uses of ad services , and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the AccuWeather Sites .
Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by AccuWeather to help recognize and understand user preferences , to make improvements to the AccuWeather Sites , to choose content and advertising to display to you , and for other business purposes that will allow AccuWeather to better serve you .
The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance .
Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of collecting anonymous traffic data ( e.g. how many people come to the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , how often , etc. ) .
Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by us or by third parties who perform services for us .
Please check the Help menu in your Internet browser for information regarding how to manage your cookie preferences ( or if you are using a mobile device , check the Settings for your browser or device ) .
Some examples of where cookie preferences may be found and managed in your Internet browser ( as of the version date of this document ) are as follows :
Settings/Show advanced settings/
Privacy/Content settings ' ( Google Chrome 25 PC ) ;
Tools/Options/Privacy ' ( Mozilla Firefox 15 PC ) ;
Safari/Preferences/Privacy ' ( Safari Mac ) ; '
Tools/Internet Options/Privacy/Advanced '
( Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 PC ) ; or ' Edit/Preferences/Receiving Files/Cookies ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 Mac ) .
Generally speaking , you may modify browser preferences to accept all cookies , be notified when a cookie is set , or to reject all cookies .
If you choose to reject all cookies , you may be unable to use many of AccuWeather 's products and services .
Some sections of the AccuWeather Sites may require that you log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services offered through our network , because we do not want cookies to replace security measures that you would otherwise take for yourself , your PII and your data .
Some of these services include certain software applications and fee-based services , and some Internet activities that require more than an IP Address to continue .
Web beacons may also be found on the AccuWeather Sites Web beacons are used to monitor user navigation to tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our subscribers or users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings .
For a thorough description of web beacons and their uses , please click here .
The AccuWeather Sites may utilize Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in conjunction with the use of the sites and the targeting of advertising to the users of the AccuWeather Sites .
Many hand held mobile devices use these technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices .
Many mobile devices use these technologies which allow for the storage of information on the mobile devices and , in effect , allow the enhancement of internet browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting advertisements .
The Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and HTML5 Mini Databases also allow the device to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on one particular website .
AccuWeather and its providers may utilize one or more of these technologies and others on the AccuWeather Sites .
Anytime a credit card is requested for processing orders through the AccuWeather Sites , the user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
SSL provides strong encryption to all digital information as it crosses the Internet .
While on a secure page , such as on order forms , the lock button on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to unlocked or open when you are just surfing or in other areas of the Site .
To learn more about SSL , click here .
AccuWeather does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through our websites .
Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifiable information , ask questions or participate in chat rooms related to our websites .
If we are notified that a child under 18 has provided personal information , we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible .
If you become aware that a child under 18 has provided such information , please send us a detailed email at customerservice @
so we can delete this information .
It may be necessary for AccuWeather , its employees , contractors or Providers working on behalf of AccuWeather to access the Site using your subscriber information to provide you with support or to perform certain maintenance tasks .
This access happens on an as-needed basis only .
When you access or install a new product or service , you may be asked to register electronically .
Your registration information will be merged with any information you have already provided ( 'Profile ' ) .
If you have not previously registered within the AccuWeather Sites , a Profile may be created for you from your product registration information .
If you have not already registered by giving us your PII , you will be asked to do so to ensure that only you can access the product or services .
Upon satisfactory completion of your registration information , AccuWeather authorizes users to access and use the AccuWeather Sites and its products and services subject to the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website ( or if different , the AccuWeather terms and conditions applicable to the particular product or service you are using ) and this Privacy Statement .
User shall maintain the confidentiality of any user name and password .
If there is a breach of the confidentiality of a password or user name assigned to user , or any breach of security through user 's account , then user shall so notify AccuWeather 's customer assistance center immediately by contacting AccuWeather at customerservice @
- In special circumstances , AccuWeather may opt to access or disclose PII when there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website , this Privacy Statement , any applicable End User License Agreement , Provider or Subscription Terms or other applicable terms , or when there is reason to believe an individual may be violating the law or causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally )
AccuWeather 's rights or property , other AccuWeather Site users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
AccuWeather may then opt to disclose or access PII in good faith in circumstances where the law requires it , and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain , service , and improve the AccuWeather Sites and our products and services .
AccuWeather may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may be required by court-ordered subpoena .
- From time to time , we may share data regarding the users of the AccuWeather Sites and the use of our services ( for example , 10 % of our users are within a certain specialty industry , or users who choose one type of service request a related or similar service 38 % of the time , etc. ) , and we may also combine a user 's use and purchasing habits through the AccuWeather Sites and our providers ' sites to create a personalized user profile so we can tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings ( hereinafter ' User Data ' ) .
There may also be other instances where AccuWeather has determined that sharing User Data with third parties would maximize AccuWeather 's ability to better serve users .
Should this occur , no PII will be included in these types of statistics .
- Since we use Providers to ship products or perform customized products and/or services offered or accessed through the AccuWeather Sites or our Providers ' sites , and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services , we may need to disclose PII to complete certain business transactions .
Users may also require that we bill for services via invoicing , purchase order , or through Providers , such as mobile/wireless carriers or internet storefronts .
Under these circumstances , we may be required to share the user 's PII to obtain a credit report with a reporting agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user .
We may request that these Providers do not retain , share , store or use PII for any secondary purposes .
AccuWeather is in the business of providing and hosting weather information products , services , and other related products and services as a service to our users .
As such , User Data is also considered , a ' customer list ' , and as such , is a valuable asset to any company subject to legal protection and regulation under federal and state laws as a property interest .
Accordingly , User Data will be subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners under these laws .
Such rights customarily include the right to transfer the information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties , and to routinely share such information with affiliates of AccuWeather .
- Excepting PII collected during the purchasing or registration process , User Data may be used by AccuWeather or Providers to , among other things , retrieve or create the product or service that you have requested or for such business purposes as AccuWeather and/or its providers may determine in their sole discretion , without resort to a reasonableness standard .
Please be advised that this User Data may be stored by AccuWeather or its Providers as ' preferences ' or otherwise and used without restriction .
Further , all information submitted is and becomes the exclusive property of AccuWeather and by submitting material to AccuWeather , you accept responsibility for its accuracy , appropriateness and legality .
Other than as set out above , you may receive notice when PII might go to third parties , and within such notice you may find the information about your opportunity to choose not to share the PII.
- If for some reason you believe that AccuWeather has not adhered to these stated principles , please notify us at customerservice @ accuweather.com , and we will work to determine the issue and correct the problem .
Your concerns should be detailed in a communication including enough identifying information to permit someone to contact you , in case further information is required to troubleshoot your concerns .
Be certain the words ' AccuWeather Privacy Statement ' are included in the Subject line .
Further resolution of your concerns will be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the AccuWeather Sites .
Version date : October 17th , 2013
Privacy Policy TRUSTe online privacy certification
Last Modified : December 30 , 2013
This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted .
It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application .
We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate .
We Collect How We Collect Your Information Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies
Sharing Your Information with Other Companies
Your Controls and Choices Children 's Privacy Data Security and Integrity Data Transfers , Storage and Processing
Globally Changes to this Privacy Policy Comments and Questions
We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information .
We collect the following categories of information :  Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information
Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send back to top of page
We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us .
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform .
The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices .
Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications .
We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms .
Please visit Online Tracking and Advertising for further information , including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies .
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically .
Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it .
back to top of page
A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information .
The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here .
Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :  Provide you with the products and services you request Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you :
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications .
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking , please visit Online Tracking and Advertising .
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal back to top of page We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including : When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as : Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices .
When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services
When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law back to top of page We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information .
In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :  You may correct , update and delete your registration account You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you
You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by visiting Communication Choices , contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you .
Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences .
If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services .
back to top of page We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications .
Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features .
When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :  Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information
In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children 's personal information , please read our Children 's Privacy Policy .
back to top of page The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
back to top of page We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information .
Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent .
We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia .
back to top of page From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes .
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent .
back to top of page
If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services .
Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information .
Notice to California Residents :
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California .
To make such a request , please send an email to caprivacy.wdig @
twdc.com or write us :  
CA Privacy Rights Disney Interactive
500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667
In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains .
If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online .
back to top of page Definitions Aggregate Information .
Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest .
back to top of page Anonymous Information .
Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest .
back to top of page Application .
Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests .
back to top of page Children .
Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information .
In the United States and Latin America , the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age .
back to top of page Data Controller .
The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :  Sites and Applications Company Contact Information Disney Club Penguin ( Club Penguin ) Disney Canada Inc. ( formerly known as Disney Online
Studios Canada Inc. )  Club Penguin
c/o Disney Online Studios Canada Inc.
1628 Dickson Avenue , Suite 500 Kelowna , British Columbia V1Y
clubpenguin.com Disney Movies Online Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc .
Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services Disney Studio
All Access Disney Movie Rewards Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc. , Walt Disney
Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America Guest Services
All other sites and applications
Disney Online Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America Guest Services back to top of page Data Processor .
A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) .
back to top of page IP Address .
An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university .
We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information .
back to top of page Member .
Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
back to top of page Notice .
Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law .
back to top of page Parents .
Parents means a parent or legal guardian .
back to top of page Personal information .
Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number .
When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information .
back to top of page Public Forums .
Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience .
If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party .
To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services .
back to top of page The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names .
These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services .
The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :  ABC Babble Baby Einstein BabyZone Club Penguin
Hollywood Records Indiana Jones Lucasfilm Marvel Muppets Playdom Spoonful Star Wars Tapulous Touchstone back to top of page Guest Services Contact Information United States of America :  Guest Services Disney
Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services
For questions related to children 's privacy , you may also telephone Guest Services at ( 877 ) 466-6669 .
Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and , together with its Affiliates , operates daily newspapers , television stations , a digital broadcast program network , and news , entertainment , and information websites .
In this Privacy Policy , Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites , mobile applications , electronic devices , kiosks , and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted ( hereinafter the Services ) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries ( collectively we or us ) regardless of how you access the Services , unless such website , mobile application , electronic device , kiosk , or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website , application , device , kiosk , or interactive service .
The Policy describes :  The information we collect and how we collect it ; What we do with the information we collect ; Information sharing and disclosure ; How you can access and update your information ; How we protect information ; Linked sites and advertisements ; Users from outside the United States ; Children ; How to contact us ; Your California privacy rights ; No rights of third parties ; and Changes to this policy .
How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit , the activities in which you participate and the Services you use .
You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below .
We may collect information about you during your use of the Services , including your name , username , password , email address , postal address , phone number , mobile phone number , payment information , gender , birth year , and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things , such as :  Enter registration information for one or more of our Services ; Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion ; Participate in voting or polling activities ; Make a purchase ; Request certain features ( e.g. , newsletters , updates , and other products ) ; Sign up to receive SMS ( text message ) notifications ; Download or use one of our mobile applications ; Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site ( SNS ) ; or Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services .
We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services .
When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services , you authorize Tribune to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface , including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account , information that the SNS shares with us , or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process .
We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription , product , or service we provide .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online .
Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services , such as via SNSs , on message boards , chat areas or in advertising or notices you post , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to :
( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services .
We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) .
We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods .
We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information .
We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results .
In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services .
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies .
To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel .
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services .
We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services .
We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties .
Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below .
You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser .
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website .
You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager .
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising .
When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements .
Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements .
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements .
For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator .
We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features .
For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements .
In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers .
If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this .
See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details .
We use the information that we collect for the following purposes : For the purposes for which you provided it ; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ; To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ; To administer sweepstakes and contests ; To process and respond to your inquiries ; To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ; To attribute content that you make available through the Services ; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ; To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ; To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ; To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services .
The Services are supported by advertising revenue .
We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers .
Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications .
We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you .
Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose .
We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below : We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf .
When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices .
We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims .
We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship .
We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property .
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses .
In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets .
To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you , you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated ( may be available on some Services and not others ) or by contacting us at privacy @
We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information .
Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable .
The Services may contain links to third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites .
We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services .
When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers .
In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply .
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information .
The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law .
If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy .
The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 .
We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services .
By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old .
Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services .
These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation .
Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services .
These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation .
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please send an email to privacy @
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties .
If you are a California resident and would like to request this information , please submit your request in an email to privacy @
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties .
Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website .
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting Examiner.com .
The Examiner.com website , including any online environments made available by Examiner.com ( collectively , the " Site " ) is operated by Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com ( " Examiner.com " ) .
Your privacy on the Internet is extremely important to us , and we want to make your experience on our Site satisfying and safe .
This Privacy Policy applies to information about you collected through our Site .
This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site .
We collect two types of information through our Site . "
PII " means " personally identifiable information , " which is information that identifies you personally , either alone or in combination with other information available to us ( including without limitation your name , address , email address , telephone number , age , background , or other personal information ) . " Non-
PII " means " non-personally identifiable information " or information which alone does not identify you ( however , in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual ) .
By using our Site , you are agreeing to the collection , use , and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , please email us at legal @ examiner.com .
In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site or to participate in certain programs , you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII through our Site .
The use of these services or capabilities or participation in these programs is purely optional , so you are not required to submit any PII to Examiner.com if you do not wish to do so .
For example , you may wish to provide PII to Examiner.com in connection with applying to become an Examiner on our Site ( or providing further information once you are an Examiner , such as information in an Examiner 's " bio " ) ; creating a profile on our Site ; applying to become an advertiser or sponsor on our Site ; sharing content from our Site ; participation in online forums , commenting features , communities , surveys , contests , sweepstakes , referral programs or other promotions ; registration on our Site for any other reason ; or submitting feedback to us .
This information may include your name , address , email address , and other information you voluntarily provide to us , as well as information we may track regarding the articles you have viewed on our Site .
We also collect Non-PII through our Site .
The Non-PII collected does not by itself identify you personally .
However , if you have registered on the Site , it may be possible for us to link certain Non-PII to information that identifies you personally .
PII collected by Examiner.com includes : information sent to us automatically by your web browser such as your IP address , the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site , information on your operating system ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) ; the date and time of your visit ; user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site ; and search terms you may enter in our Search function .
This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers ' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience .
We track additional information regarding certain actions by Examiners on or through our Site , such as usage of various environments and tools offered to Examiners , participation in our educational offerings for Examiners , participation in loyalty programs offered to Examiners , posting of content on our Site , and other actions on our Site .
Certain third party service providers also track Non-PII of users who visit our Site .
This is described further below .
In order to improve your experience when using our Site , we , our third party service providers or advertisers may place a text file called a " cookie " in the browser files of your computer , which stores your preferences and may be used to help personalize your experience .
We , our third party service providers or advertisers may also use " web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor behavior and collect certain data regarding the actions of our users online .
These cookies and other technologies may be used to track user traffic patterns , to enhance your experience when using our Site , to persist information through your session , to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections , to target advertising or content to you as described further below , and to collect Non-PII about you and your visit to our Site for other marketing and business purposes .
You can adjust your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
Disabling cookies may result in a less complete experience while using the Site .
We use third party companies to serve ads on our Site , to provide us with data collection , ad response measurement , ad or content targeting , and other marketing or related services .
We have granted permission to these companies ( some of which are listed below ) and certain advertisers or customers of these companies to use cookies , web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies in order to collect Non-PII about our users ( subject to their own privacy guidelines ) for purposes of generating advertisements and other content targeted to your interests , and for other data collection , response measurement , marketing and related business purposes .
Following are links to the privacy policies of some of our ad serving and data collection partners , which are subject to change from time to time :  
/intl/en/privacy.html Audience Science- http : //www.audiencescience.com
/privacy.asp QuantCast- http :
privacy Lotame- http : //www.lotame.com/privacy Blue Kai - http : //www.bluekai.com/
The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere , provides a website offering more information about behavioral advertising practices and your choices about not having certain Non-PII used by certain companies in order to target advertisements to you , as well as information about NAI and third party ad servers in general .
You may visit the NAI site at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .
Examiner.com or our third party service providers may use PII or Non-PII collected on our Site : To enhance or personalize your experience using our Site ; To inform you of offers or new features that we believe may be of interest to you ; To provide information or services you have requested ;
To process or maintain your registration on the Site ; To process orders and facilitate advertisements or sponsorships on our Site ; In connection with various programs , promotions or contests in which you participate ; For targeting of advertising or content , or other advertising or marketing purposes ; To study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site and to improve our Site ; To analyze where we are getting our audience ( by reviewing IP addresses ) ; For other purposes related to the business of Examiner.com ; And for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement you may enter with Examiner.com including , if applicable , the Examiners Independent Contractor Agreement and License ) , or otherwise as we may disclose to you or to which you consent from time to time .
Examiner.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers , sponsors and partners .
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests .
We will not intentionally collect ( nor intentionally provide to an advertiser or sponsor ) information that a personally-identified user clicked on any particular ad .
However , by clicking on , otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad , you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad , and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites .
We may share your PII with : ( i ) our current or future affiliates , subsidiaries , parent company , or other related entities ( " Examiner.com Entities " ) ; ( ii ) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf ( such as data storage , web hosting , Examiner application processing , or other services ) ; and ( iii ) carefully selected third parties for purposes relating to content creation or distribution deals , selected Examiner.com or third party promotions we believe would be of interest to you , reward programs ( such as the " Examiner Perks " program offered to current Examiners ) , marketing activities , ad targeting as described above , or other purposes relevant to the business of Examiner.com .
PII submitted by purchasers of advertisements on our Site may be shared with companies processing such orders , and companies otherwise enabling such advertisements on behalf of Examiner.com .
An Examiner 's participation in the Examiner referral program represents the referring Examiner 's consent to the disclosure of that Examiner 's name to any person he or she refers who inquires as to the source of the referral .
We may also disclose the PII and Non-PII we collect through our Site when we , in good faith , believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or legal process ( including a court order or subpoena ) ; to prevent or investigate a possible crime , such as fraud or identity theft ; to enforce the Examiner.com Terms of Use or other agreements that you have entered into with Examiner.com Entities or that govern your use of our Site ; to protect the rights , property or safety of Examiner.com , our users or others ; or to protect your vital interests .
We may share analyses of our server logs , including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience , with current or potential advertisers or business partners .
Such disclosures will refer only to general , aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information .
Information submitted to our Site is an asset of Examiner.com and will become part of our normal business records .
Your PII may be transferred to another company that acquires the stock or assets of Examiner.com , for example , as the result of a sale , merger , reorganization , dissolution or liquidation .
If such a transfer occurs , the acquiring company 's use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy , and any privacy choices you selected in your online profile on our Site .
Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section , by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy , and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosures described in this Privacy Policy .
If you choose to participate as an Examiner on our Site you choose to register and create a profile as a user of our Site , or you choose to post comments on our Site , please be aware that your profile , your Examiner bio ( if applicable ) and any information you post on our Site ( within your profile , comments , or otherwise ) , including without limitation your name , photo , and any PII you provide in your public profile , as well as certain information regarding your actions on our Site ( such as your favorite Examiners or subscriptions to Examiners ) , will automatically be visible to the general public , and will potentially remain on the Site indefinitely .
Without limitation , this means that if you are an Examiner , your name , photo , and bio information you submit in connection with the articles you post on our Site , will remain on our Site even following termination of your status as an Examiner .
To the extent you have posted PII in your public user profile , in articles or comments on the Site , or otherwise in a publicly displayed manner on our Site , that information is available to the general public and can be used in connection with distribution and promotion of such content to third parties , for news reporting related to the article or comment in which the PII is located on our Site , or for other similar purposes , due to the fact that the information became public when you posted it on our Site .
If you choose to make your comments available to view on third party websites , such comments are subject to those third parties ' websites ' policies , and responses to such comments made on those third parties ' websites ' may also appear on our Site .
Third party websites , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers featured on our Site or accessible through links on our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
You may encounter these third party sites through links in Examiners ' articles , third party content widgets or excerpts on our Site , advertisements , features , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions featured or accessible via links from our Site .
We do not have any control over these third parties ' use of the information you may provide to them .
Examiner.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites .
You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party 's information on a feature or page operated by a third party .
Examiner.com is headquartered in the United States and has related entities in Canada , and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to Examiner.com in the United States and may be shared with Examiner.com Entities in Canada or elsewhere .
You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by Examiner.com and any Examiner.com Entities , or any of the other parties listed in the immediately preceding paragraph " Sharing of Information , " whether located in the United States or any other countries , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or for any other specific purposes to which you consent .
If you are located in a country other than the United States , you should note that , at present , the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing " adequate protection " for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries .
Please know , however , that no matter where your personal information is collected , used , transferred or stored , if it was collected through the Examiner.com Site , it will be protected by the terms of this Privacy Policy .
YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE USE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE MANNER SET FORTH HEREIN .
Consistent with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent .
The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , do not provide us with any PII .
If we learn that someone under 13 has provided PII to the Site , we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases .
Examiner.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems .
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary .
Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site 's users .
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect , use and disclose your PII .
If you have registered on our Site in any manner ( including as an Examiner ) , you may update or modify your information or change your preferences at any time by logging in to the applicable section of our Site using your user name and password , and updating your user profile .
If you have not registered on our Site or you are having trouble updating your profile and you wish to review or modify PII we may have collected about you , please email us at legal @ examiner.com .
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy , at any time and without prior notice , by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy .
You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked " Privacy Policy " at the bottom of each page of our Site .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 28 , 2011
