We collect Personal Information for the purposes of fulfilling orders , processing returns and exchanges and providing you with the services you have chosen , providing a high level of customer service , providing you with information we believe may be of interest including mailing our circulars and special offers , for editorial and feedback purposes , for internal marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of your behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for protection against fraud and error , and to customize the content and layout of the Site ( collectively , Information Usage Purposes ) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , we will not knowingly use a mobile phone number for marketing purposes without first obtaining your consent .
In performing the Information Usage Purposes , we may combine information we collect on the Site with information we receive from other sources .
We do not sell Personal Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , any non-Personal Information you transmit to the Site or we collect from the Site will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you agree that we may use any such non-Personal Information ( together with any ideas , concepts , know-how , or techniques contained therein ) in any manner , for any purpose , without credit or compensation to you .
Without limiting the generality or application of the foregoing , the information that you publish on or through the Bridal & Gift Registry and/or the Bridal Toolkit is governed by specific terms available below under the heading Bridal & Gift Registry Information .
We may provide your Personal Information to our associates and to companies acting as our authorized agents or partners in providing our service or co-branded services to you and in performing Information Usage Purposes .
We screen and reasonably determine to be reputable any third party to whom we disclose such information and we require such third parties to agree to use the Personal Information only for such specified purposes .
Each of our partners must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure .
If we merge , or sell or otherwise transfer our assets , Site or operations , we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information in connection with such transaction .
Bridal & Gift Registry information is treated differently from information submitted for other purposes on our Site .
Registry users may receive additional e-mail communications from us , such as a registry welcome e-mail and follow-up contact after the scheduled event date .
In addition , cookies are used as part of our registry service to save your registry number on your computer .
By registering with us and opting to make your registry available online , your registry information , which includes your name , date of event and event location ( your state ) , will be made available to our partners that help provide our services and our co-branded services ( including for Information Usage Purposes ) and will be accessible by search engines and spiders that are not affiliated with us .
Finally , and to illustrate the type of business partner with whom your registry information may be shared , if you have not taken advantage of the applicable opt-out procedure , your registry information ( your name , date of event and event location ) may be made available to third party bridal and gift registry portal sites .
We may also share the e-mail address associated with your registry , but solely to enable us and such a third-party registry portal site to link your purchases or other activity with the registry you have established with us .
The use of such portal sites is intended to provide your guests with additional means of finding your registry , and to provide you with additional ways to create a registry with us .
Any third-party registry portal site with whom an e-mail address is shared as a registry identifier is contractually prohibited from using it for any other purpose not outlined above .
In the future , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing your information with such sites , please send an e-mail to customer.service @
bedbath.com clearly indicating such request .
If you choose to use our online Bridal Toolkit and publish a Personal Wedding Site , this information will be treated as public information , available to anyone with access to the Internet .
Please review the Site 's Terms and Conditions for more information on the use of the Bridal & Gift Registry and the Bridal Toolkit .
Occasionally , we may run a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest ( a Promotion ) , and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form , or in some cases , you may be automatically entered by using a designated type of credit card when placing an order in store , online or via phone or , for example , by creating a Bridal Registry .
Your entry information may be shared with third parties for the limited purposes of administering the sweepstakes and selecting a winner ( s ) and may be used to notify you in connection with the sweepstakes or contest and to verify your identity .
When you enter such a Promotion , you will have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from us .
Since we value your privacy , you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications as detailed below .
In addition , some Promotions may have one or more co-sponsors , and you may also be asked upon entry to consent to receive future communications from such co-sponsors .
In the event your consent is indicated , the information from your entry will be shared with the co-sponsors .
In those situations , the third parties will have the right to use your information for their own purposes , in accordance with their own policies , and we are not responsible for how co-sponsors may use your information .
In all events , we will make it clear to you in the entry , order or registration form , before you submit it , whether you are consenting to receive information from any party , and you will be given the opportunity to confirm or withdraw such consent prior to submitting your entry , order or registration .
In any case , where you elect to have us share your information with third parties , such as in the Promotions discussed above , those elections to have your information shared will supersede anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy .
We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those customers who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us and our subsidiaries .
If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us , you can always remove your name from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to customer.service @
bedbath.com stating that you wish to unsubscribe and indicating in the subject line of the e-mail " NO E-MAIL " .
Although we will promptly remove your name from our e-mail list upon receiving your request , it is possible that you may still receive e-mails from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list .
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us , you can always remove yourself from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to customer.service @
bedbath.com , indicating " NO SNAIL MAIL " in the subject line along with your name , address and zip code .
Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent .
Although we will promptly remove your name from our mailing list upon receiving your request , you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list .
You can also contact us by mail :  Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , Attn : Customer Service Privacy 650 Liberty Avenue , Union , New Jersey 07083
THE OPT-OUT RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION ARE THE DEFAULT RULES AND PROCEDURES
WE USE IN OPERATING THE SITE AND ARE THE STANDARD
BY WHICH WE ADHERE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY .
We may release Personal Information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is necessary to comply with law , protect the rights , properties or safety of Bed Bath & Beyond , our users or others , or enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements .
You may review and make changes to the Personal Information that is stored in your user account on the Site by visiting the My Account area of the Site .
The Site is not purposefully directed at children under the age of 13 and all products available for sale on the Site are intended to be purchased by adults .
We do not collect or maintain Personal Information , via the Site or otherwise , from those we actually know are children under 13 years of age .
If you notify us that information has been provided by a child under the age of 13 , upon verification , we will promptly delete such information .
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site .
The Site also may contain links to other web sites that are not under our control .
These links may include the use of so-called " share links. "  
A " share link " is a button
and/or text link appearing on our Site that enables the launch of a sharing mechanism whereby you can post links to , and content from , the Site onto social networking web sites such as Facebook .
The privacy policies of other web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy .
We urge you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site you visit and to contact the third-party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies .
OR INFLUENCE OVER THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER WEB SITES AND ADVERTISERS
AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS ' OR ADVERTISERS ' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES ,
THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES .
Security & Privacy Thank you for visiting Sephora.com .
Sephora USA , Inc .
( Sephora ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
Topics covered in this policy :  >
What Our Privacy Policy Covers >
What Personal Information Is Collected
When Personal Information Is Collected >
How Sephora Protects Your Information >
How Sephora Uses Your Personal Information >
How to Avoid Receiving Newslettters and Other Sephora Materials
Who Views Your Personal Information >
Cookies , Pixel Tags and Tracking > Making a Purchase >
Under 13 > Social Commerce and Other Third Parties >
This Privacy Policy covers any personal information that Sephora obtains from you when you use services or features of Sephora when visiting the websites we own and control , such as www.sephora.com , http : //theglossy.sephora.com , and www.ttbeauty.com ( the " Sites " ) , and when applying for or using your membership in the Beauty Insider Program ( BI Membership ) in our retail store locations ( the Stores ) .
We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our beauty offerings and this policy will govern those new Sites when added .
You may be accessing our Sites from a computer or mobile phone device ( through an iPhone or iPad application , for example ) and this policy governs your use of our Sites regardless of the means of access .
We also like to interact with you on third party sites where we post content or invite your feedback , such as www.facebook.com/sephora , www.twitter.com/sephora , and www.youtube.com/sephora ( " Third Party Sites " ) .
Except as otherwise described below , this policy does not cover the privacy practices of those Third Party Sites , or of companies that Sephora does not own or control , or the actions of people that Sephora does not employ or manage .
You should check the privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifiable information through Third Party Sites .
Our terms of use for the Sites give you more information about how we can interact with you via Third Party Sites .
Our Privacy Policy may change in the future .
We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes .
If we make any material changes , we will post a notice on our home page and will obtain your consent if the material changes affect the way we use the personally identifiable information we have already collected from you .
By using the Sites or applying for BI Membership , you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy .
If you do not like the terms of our Privacy Policy , you should not use our Sites or apply for BI Membership .
For more information about the terms of use for this site , please visit our Terms of Use page .
Depending on how you use Sephora , we may ask you to share personal information with us .
Whether you choose to give Sephora information is completely up to you , but keep in mind that if you withhold information , you may not be able to use some of our services .
Sephora will ask you for information , including some personal information , if you use one of several services : Becoming a Registered User of Sephora.com .
In order to become a registered user of Sephora.com , you need to share some personal information , such as your name and e-mail address .
You do not have to be a registered user to visit the Sites .
But , you will have to register if you want to place orders or make full use of our services .
Once you register , you will have an account with Sephora and a password to access that account .
You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password .
You should keep your registration current and complete .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password .
Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password .
We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission .
Making a Purchase on Sephora.com .
When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information .
By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com .
You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page .
If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions .
You can access this section using your registration password .
Applying for BI Membership .
You can apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or in person at a Store , including any Sephora Inside JCPenney ( SiJCP ) location operated by J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc .
You do not need a BI Membership to visit the Sites or to make a purchase at Sephora.com or a Store or a SiJCP location .
To apply for BI Membership , we ask you to share some personal information , such as your name , birthday , phone number , mailing address and e-mail address .
Once you have BI Membership , you will have an account with Sephora tied to the e-mail address provided upon application .
You can amend your information by ( i ) calling our Customer Service , ( ii ) visiting a Store or a SiJCP location and speaking with a cast member , or ( iii ) signing in to Sephora.com using the e-mail address you provided upon application , going to the My Account page and following the instructions .
You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password .
You should keep your BI Membership current and complete .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password .
Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password .
We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission .
Sweepstakes , Contests and Surveys at Sephora.com .
If at Sephora.com you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or answer a survey , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't one already ) .
We may also ask you for some demographic information , such as your age .
If you choose not to answer , you probably will not be able to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or survey .
We have a number of ways to hear your opinions and feedback .
We like to answer your questions .
We offer several interactive services , including BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews and Question & Answer services .
We may offer other interactive services in the future and this Privacy Policy will govern your use of those services .
If you want to use any of these interactive services , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora .
Please review our terms of use for the Sites because they explain the way you can participate in our interactive services in more detail .
Our Ratings & Reviews or Question & Answer services .
When you use the Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora .
Gift Advisor and Beauty Advisor .
If you are not already registered and you send an e-mail to our Gift or Beauty Advisor , we will create a registration profile for you .
This will make you a registered user .
We may also collect information about e-mails that you send to our advisors .
We use this information for product and site analysis only .
If a product that you want to purchase at Sephora.com is not in stock , you can choose to provide us your e-mail address so that we can notify you when the product becomes available again .
You do not need to be a registered user to receive a product availability notification .
Please note that if you choose to share information about yourself in an open format , such as through a Third Party Site like Facebook or Twitter or in the user-generated content elements of our own Sites , we consider that information to be public information - and not personal information .
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information .
We take that task seriously .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information .
For example :  We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site .
SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception .
We never display your full credit card number once it has been entered .
We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes .
We urge you to protect your own privacy .
We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone or share your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail .
Unfortunately , despite all of our efforts , there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions .
For example , we can not ensure the security of your data during transmission to us or the security of your data on an iPhone ( or other telephone device that can use iPhone applications ) or on your Twitter page or on another computer .
This reality is true of all Internet or data transmission use .
As a result , we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit , and you transmit all information at your own risk .
Sephora collects personal information primarily to make our services more rewarding for you to use .
We usually use this information for internal purposes , such as studying our customers ' preferences .
We may also use your information to track your purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes .
In the event that another company buys the assets or stock of Sephora , your personal information may then belong to another entity .
We use e-mail addresses and mailing addresses to send out newsletters and other announcements with information about Sephora 's new products , gifts and special features .
In addition , if you use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location and your client profile indicates that you have not unsubscribed from receiving advertising , marketing materials and other communications from Sephora , JCPenney may help Sephora send those communications .
After you become a registered user of Sephora.com or have a BI Membership , you can choose not to receive these announcements by opting-out of delivery .
If you receive an e-mail and want to avoid further messages , look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list .
You can also edit your e-mail preferences at Sephora.com 's My Account page .
Sephora may share your personal information with companies that perform services for us , such as fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mails , analyzing customer data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , investigating fraudulent activity , conducting customer surveys , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not disclose your personally identifiable information for other purposes .
Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies .
Except as otherwise described below , only Sephora has the right to access this information .
We currently share aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners .
This information does not identify individual users .
Any personal information that you include in your profile or in any content submitted when using our interactive services like BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services or through Third Party Sites will be displayed on our Sites , so please consider this before submitting any such content .
Please do n't submit any information that you do n't want the whole world to know !
Personal information may be disclosed if required by law .
Sephora does not currently sell or license personal information .
Before selling or licensing your personal information , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page .
If you apply for BI Membership at a SiJCP location or use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location , the personal information collected from you will be used and disclosed by Sephora as indicated above , but Sephora will also need to share that personal information with JCPenney so you can enjoy the benefits of your BI Membership at any SiJCP location .
JCPenney has agreed that any information obtained about you by JCPenney through your application for BI Membership or your use of your BI Membership at a SiJCP location ( SiJCP Information ) will be used only to administer the Beauty Insider Program , for internal analysis to make your shopping experience at the SiJCP locations better and to help Sephora communicate with you by e-mail or direct mail ( unless you have unsubscribed from e-mail or direct mail from Sephora ) .
JCPenney may also share SiJCP Information with its service providers solely to perform the above functions related to the Beauty Insider Program at SiJCP , subject to an agreement from such service providers to keep the SiJCP Information confidential .
JCPenney has also agreed that it will not otherwise use , rent , sell or share SiJCP Information .
If you do not wish to have SiJCP Information made available to JCPenney , you should apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or at any Store , but not at a SiJCP location and you should not use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location .
Except for personal information shared with JCPenney as set forth above , at this time , Sephora does not share any personal information with its other affiliates .
It is possible that this policy will change in the future .
If we do decide to share information with our other affiliates , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page .
If you choose to use Sephora 's Beauty Insider Pass in the Passbook application on your Apple mobile device , your email address and Beauty Insider status , point balance and any Beauty Insider rewards earned will be displayed on the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass on your Apple mobile device , so please consider this before downloading the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass .
We recommend that you use the Passcode Lock security setting on your Apple mobile device and always safeguard your device to prevent other people from accessing your Beauty Insider account or redeeming your rewards without your permission if you download the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass onto your Apple mobile device .
In addition , you will receive notifications that may be based on your personal information , including your accumulated Beauty Insider points , rewards status , birthday and/or your device 's location , and you must opt out of these notifications or location-based services on the back of the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass if you do not wish to receive these notifications or allow the Pass to use your location to send you location-based notifications .
Sephora wants to give you the best possible experience when you visit Sephora.com and our other Sites .
We like to constantly update and improve the features on our Sites , we like to personalize your browsing and shopping experience
and we like to recognize you when you return to Sephora.com .
We have a variety of ways of doing this .
We collect information about how you use our Sites by setting and accessing cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small data file that identifies the web browser on a particular computer .
No personal information is stored in the cookie itself .
When you visit one of our Sites , a cookie will be sent to your browser and then stored on your computer 's hard drive .
We use these cookies to track information about how often you visit our web site , what pages you view , and where you go after you leave the site .
We also link the visitor ID from your cookie to a user ID in our database to help us analyze web traffic and statistics .
Other companies help us with data research and analysis , but they are prohibited from using that data for any other purpose .
Cookies also help us improve your shopping experience by , among other things , keeping track of your preferences , recognizing you if you are a registered user , and tracking your order as you shop on Sephora.com .
If any of your personal information needs to be accessed during that process , you will have to log in or otherwise authenticate yourself .
If you do n't like cookies , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it .
For instructions , look at your browser 's Help menu .
Note that certain features of Sephora.com may not be available if you delete or reject cookies .
We use pixel tags ( also called web beacons or " clear " gifs ) on our Sites .
They help us analyze what our clients like to do on our Sites and the effectiveness of our features and advertising .
They can also help us customize your browsing and shopping experience .
We may use information collected through pixel tags or tracked links in combination with your personally identifiable information .
We may also combine personally identifiable information you provide to Sephora with other personal information ( such as purchase history and demographic information ) .
We often work with other companies to help us track , collect and analyze this information but they are prohibited from using this information for any other purpose .
Sephora also works with advertising partners ( like Google and DoubleClick ) that use cookies , pixel tags and other tracking technologies to serve advertisements on behalf of their retail clients , including Sephora , across the Internet , including to you after you have visited our Sites .
These advertising partners engage in remarketing , online behavioral advertising and ad delivery and reporting .
With respect to Sephora , these advertising partners may collect anonymous information about your browser as it makes visits to websites across the Internet ( including our Sites ) and your interaction with our advertising and e-mail communications .
This anonymous information may also be used to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet .
Sephora will have access to the information collected by these advertising partners and can then use it in combination with personally identifiable information provided by you to Sephora to enhance your experience on our Sites .
We will not share that personally identifiable information with these advertising partners .
If you would like more information about this practice or would like to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information .
By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com .
You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page .
If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions .
You can access this section using your registration password .
We comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
If you are under the age of 13 , you can look at our Sites , but you can not make a purchase .
You also can not become a registered user , apply for BI Membership , or use any service on our Sites that asks for personal information .
Our Sites are not designed for children .
We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 13 .
This policy is designed to protect children .
Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children 's privacy .
For more information about this federal law and about children 's privacy , click here .
If you register with us or apply for BI Membership , and we discover that you are under 13 , we will delete such registration or BI Membership .
We will send you a message if we do this .
If you are under 13 and want to make a purchase , please ask a parent to place the order for you .
We work with trusted third parties , including social network sites like Facebook , and with application developers who specialize in social commerce so we can connect to your social networks .
Other social networks we use include Twitter , MySpace , Delicious and Digg .
All of these companies operate Third Party Sites .
We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network .
The use of any features made available to you on our Sites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party .
Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered " public information " by us because the Third Party Sites made it publicly available .
If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites , you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information .
We can not control how your data is collected , stored , used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed .
Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing .
If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you , you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information .
Sephora is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you .
However , we do identify any areas on our Sites where third parties share information about you .
Facebook 's " Like " feature is a good example .
( Other third parties have or may have similar ways for you to express positive opinions about our products - now or in the future. )  
We have agreed to allow Facebook 's " Like " feature to run alongside images of our products so you can " like " one of our products and to see how many other Facebook users " like " each of our products .
You should know that Facebook may collect or register the fact that you " like " a product and may post that information to your " News Feed " on Facebook and to your Facebook profile 's " Wall " and " Info " pages .
So , the fact that you " like " one or more of our products may be made known to members of your Facebook network .
This would be true for your friends too .
If they " like " one of our products , you will see it on his or her News Feed , Wall or Info pages .
Finally , by " liking " one of our products , you consent to the display of that information by us .
If you do not wish this to happen , you should not click that you " like " a product and you should review your privacy settings on Facebook ( or similar Third Party Site ) .
Note that we are not obligated to display someone 's name , profile photo or other " public " Facebook profile information on our website even if that Facebook user " likes " one of our products .
We reserve the right to remove the information of any person which we deem to be inconsistent with our ideals or otherwise inappropriate for public association with our company .
We may remove from our Sites , in our sole discretion , any product offering or any photo or product description relating thereto .
We may decide to operate a Friends Store through Facebook ( or comparable store on another Third Party Site ) in the future .
If we operate a Friends Store , and you " connect " with Facebook ( using Facebook Connect or other connecting application ) to the Friends Store on the Sites , you will be able to browse to discover which products are " liked " by your Facebook friends and by the larger Facebook community .
If you are a Facebook user and you say that you " like " a product on our Sites or that you " like " Sephora , Sephora may then request that Facebook make your name , Facebook photo and other public profile information under the terms of Facebook 's privacy policy available to the Friends Store .
This information may then be displayed alongside the product in the Friends Store on our Sites to indicate that you " like " the product .
The actual information that may be displayed in the Friends Store will vary depending on what information is made publicly available on Facebook.com .
Sephora will collect and keep your Facebook profile identification only as long as is needed to operate the Friends Store .
If you would like to opt out of advertisers ' cookies that track anonymous information , click here If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , or the content or practices of our website , you can contact Sephora directly at : www.sephora.com or Sephora USA , Inc .
Privacy 525 Market Street , 11th Floor San Francisco , CA 94105
Updated : March 2013 Legacy.com , Inc.
provides various features tools that allow users to access obituaries , express condolences and share remembrances of friends and loved ones .
Legacy.com , Inc. offers these features and tools at www.legacy.com and other websites and applications ( App ) powered by Legacy.com ( collectively , the Services ) .
Please read the following privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) carefully before using the Services .
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS 2 .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT 4 .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION 5 . 5 .
YOUR POSTINGS GENERALLY ARE ACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC 6 .
CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY 7 .
CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION 10 .
OPT-OUT PROCEDURES 11 .
ADVERTISING AND LINKS 12 .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY 13 .
This Privacy Policy covers how Legacy.com , Inc. ( collectively , " Legacy.com " , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) treats user or personally identifiable information that the Services collect and receive .
If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from a website operated in conjunction with one of our affiliates ( " Affiliates " ) , the privacy policy of the Affiliate will govern unless such policy states otherwise .
Subject to the above , this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Legacy.com , Inc. does not own , operate or control , or to people that it does not employ or manage .
In general , you can browse the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself to us .
Legacy.com , Inc. does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals , except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals on interactive areas of the Services . "
Personally Identifiable Information " is information that can be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person , such as name , postal address , email address , phone number , and credit card number , among other information , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
Any posting made while using the Services , and any other information that can be viewed by the public and therefore is not considered " personal information " or " Personally Identifiable Information " , and is not the type of information covered by this Privacy Policy .
Examples of Personally Identifiable Information we may collect include name , postal address , email address , credit card number and related information , and phone number .
We may also collect your date of birth , geo-location , social networking profile picture and the date of birth and date of death for the deceased person in connection with certain features of the Services .
We also maintain a record of all information that you submit to us , including email and other correspondence .
We may collect Personally Identifiable Information when you register to receive alerts or offerings , sponsor , access or submit information in connection with certain Services , post other content through the Services , purchase products or other services , opt-in to receive special offers and discounts from us and our selected partners or participate in other activities offered or administered by Legacy.com .
We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners .
This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you , such as your credit card number .
We do not intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information about children under the age of 13 .
Please see the section on " Children 's Privacy " below .
Like most websites , Legacy.com also receives and records information on our server logs from your browser automatically and through the use of electronic tools such as cookies .
Our server logs automatically receive and record information from your browser ( including , for example , your IP address , and the page ( s ) you visit ) .
The information gathered through these methods is not " personally identifiable ; " i.e. , it can not be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person .
We will use your information only as permitted by law , and subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy ; Use of Personally Identifiable Information : We do not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Personally Identifiable Information and other personal information you specifically provide may be used : to provide the Services we offer , to process transactions and billing , for identification and authentication purposes , to communicate with you concerning transactions , security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services , to improve Services , to do something you have asked us to do , or to tell you of Services that we think may be of interest to you .
to communicate with you regarding the Services .
for the administration of and troubleshooting regarding the Services .
Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of the Services ( our web hosting service , for example ) , may need to access such information from time to time , but are not permitted to disclose such information to others .
We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you under the following circumstances : In the course of operating our business , it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your Personally Identifiable Information to others such as our service providers , contractors , select vendors and Affiliates so that we can operate the Services and our business .
Where practical , we will seek to obtain confidentiality agreements consistent with this Privacy Policy and that limit others ' use or disclosure of the information you have shared .
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ( such as pursuant to court order , subpoena , or a request by law enforcement officials ) ; ( 2 ) protect , enforce , and defend our Terms of Use , rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this the Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions. )  
Use of Anonymous Information :
Certain information that we collect automatically or with electronic tools or tags ( such as cookies ) is used to anonymously track and measure user traffic for the Services and to enhance your experience with the Services and our business partners .
For example : IP Addresses/Session Information .
We occasionally may obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access the Services .
IP addresses , browser , and session information may be used for various purposes , including to help administer the Services and diagnose and prevent service or other technology problems related to the Services .
This information also may be used to estimate the total number of users downloading any App and browsing other Services from specific geographical areas , to help determine which users have access privileges to certain content or services that we offer , and to monitor and prevent fraud and abuse .
IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information Cookies .
A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive or comparable storage media on your mobile device .
You can configure your browser to accept cookies , reject them , or notify you when a cookie is set .
If you reject cookies , you may not be able to use the Services that require you to sign in , or to take full advantage of all our offerings .
Cookies may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party we authorize to collect information on our behalf .
We use our own cookies to transmit information for a number of purposes , including to : require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accessing your account contents ; keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the Services ; estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ; conduct research to improve the content and Services .
We let other entities that show advertisements on some of our web pages or assist us with conducting research to improve the content and Services set and access their cookies on your computer or mobile device .
Other entities ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy .
Advertisers or other entities do not have access to our cookies .
We may record information about certain pages that you visit on our site ( e.g. specific obituaries ) in order to recall that data when you visit one of our partners ' sites .
For example , we may record the name and address of the funeral home associated with an obituary to facilitate a flower order .
We may share anonymous information aggregated to measure the number of App downloads , number of visits , average time spent on the Services websites , pages viewed , etc. with our partners , advertisers and others .
Your own use of the Services may disclose personal information or Personally Identifiable Information to the public .
For example : Submissions and other postings to our Services are available for viewing by all our visitors unless the sponsor or host of a Service selects a privacy setting that restricts public access .
Please remember that any information disclosed on a non-restricted Service becomes public information and may be collected and used by others without our knowledge .
You therefore should exercise caution when disclosing any personal information or Personally Identifiable Information in these forums .
When you post a message to the Services via message board , blog , or other public forum available through the Services , your user ID or alias that you are posting under may be visible to other users , and you have the ability to post a message that may include personal information .
If you post Personally Identifiable Information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Such activities are beyond the control of Legacy.com , Inc. and the coverage of this Privacy Policy .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online .
In addition , although we employ technology and software designed to minimize spam sent to users and unsolicited , automatic posts to message boards , blogs , or other public forums available through the Services ( like the CAPTCHA word verification you see on email and registration forms ) , we can not ensure such measures to be 100 % reliable or satisfactory .
Legacy.com , Inc. does not intentionally collect from or maintain Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 , nor do we offer any content targeted to such children .
In the event that Legacy.com , Inc. becomes aware that a user of the Services is under the age of 13 , the following additional privacy terms and notices apply : Prior to collecting any Personally Identifiable Information about a child that Legacy.com , Inc. has become aware is under the age of 13 , Legacy.com , Inc. will make reasonable efforts to contact the child 's parent , to inform the parent about the types of information Legacy.com , Inc. will collect , how it will be used , and under what circumstances it will be disclosed , and to obtain consent from the child 's parent to collection and use of such information .
Although Legacy.com , Inc. will apply these children 's privacy terms whenever it becomes aware that a user who submits Personally Identifiable Information is less than 13 years old , no method is foolproof .
Legacy.com , Inc. strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise their children 's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment .
These tools also can prevent children from disclosing online their name , address , and other personal information without parental permission .
Personally Identifiable Information collected from children may include any of the information defined above as Personally Identifiable Information with respect to general users of the Services and may be used by Legacy.com , Inc. for the same purposes .
Except as necessary to process a child 's requests or orders placed with advertisers or merchants featured through the Services , Legacy.com , Inc. does not rent , sell , barter or give away any lists containing a child 's Personally Identifiable Information for use by any outside company .
A child 's parent or legal guardian may request Legacy.com , Inc. to provide a description of the Personally Identifiable Information that Legacy.com , Inc. has collected from the child , as well as instruct Legacy.com , Inc. to cease further use , maintenance and collection of Personally Identifiable Information from the child .
If a child voluntarily discloses his or her name , email address or other personally-identifying information on chat areas , bulletin boards or other forums or public posting areas , such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties .
and/or the Affiliate Newspaper ( s ) are the sole owner ( s ) of all non-personally identifiable information they collect through the Services .
This paragraph shall not apply to Material subject to the license granted by users to Legacy.com , Inc. pursuant to Section 3 of the Terms of Use governing the Services .
The security and confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information is extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use .
From time to time , we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , and no data transmissions over the web can be guaranteed 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
You may modify and correct Personally Identifiable Information provided directly to Legacy.com , Inc. in connection with the Services , if necessary .
Legacy.com , Inc. offers users the following options for updating information :  Send an email to us at Contact Us ; or Send a letter to us via postal mail to the following address : Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations You may opt out of receiving future mailings or other information from Legacy.com , Inc .
If the mailing does not have an email cancellation form , send an email to Contact Us detailing the type of information that you no longer wish to receive .
This Service contains links to other sites that may be of interest to our visitors .
This Privacy Policy applies only to Legacy.com and not to other companies ' or organizations ' Web sites to which we link .
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites .
Legacy.com works with third parties , including , but not limited to Adtech US , Inc. and Turn Inc. ( collectively , the " Ad Delivery Parties : " ) , for the purpose of advertisement delivery on the Services including online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) and multi-site advertising .
The non-personally identifiable information collected about a consumer 's visits to the Services , including , but not limited to , certain information from your Web browser and your IP address , may be used by third parties , including the Ad Delivery Parties , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
These Ad Delivery Parties retain data collected and used for these activities only as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate Legacy.com business need , or as required by law .
The Ad Delivery Parties may also set cookies to assist with advertisement delivery services .
For more information about Adtech US , Inc. cookies , please visit http : //www.adtechus.com/privacy/ .
If you would like to obtain more information about the practices of some of these Ad Delivery Parties , or if you would like to make choices about their use of your information , please click here :
http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The Ad Delivery Parties adhere to the Network Advertising Initiative 's Self-Regulatory Code of conduct .
For more information please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/
about-nai Legacy.com shall obtain your prior express consent ( opt-in ) before using any of your sensitive consumer information as that term is defined in the NAI Principles .
Please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on the Services and link to a third party 's website , then Legacy.com 's Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personally Identifiable Information collected on that third party 's website and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your Personally Identifiable Information will be handled .
We may periodically edit or update this Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you provide information on this Web site .
Your use of the Services after changes of the terms of the Privacy Policy have been posted will mean that you accept the changes .
Questions regarding the Legacy.com Privacy Policy should be directed to Contact Us or Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations ( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )
Top A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( " California customer " ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Legacy.com , Inc. does not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from one of our Affiliate sites , the privacy policy of our Affiliate will apply to the collection of your information unless the Affiliate 's privacy policy specifically states otherwise .
You should review the privacy policy of the Affiliate to understand what information may be collected from you and how it may be used .
California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing Contact Us .
Privacy Statement Effective Date :
January 2013 AutoTrader.com , Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to our website .
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the AutoTrader.com website and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than our website .
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement , please contact us at privacy @ autotrader.com .
The information we gather generally falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information supplied by visitors to the website when they list a car for sale , perform a search , enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest , request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program , or inquire about a vehicle listed for sale or about another product or service offered through our website ; and ( 2 ) information we collect as visitors use our website .
Third-party providers involved in the operation of the website ( including , but not limited to , vendors of products and services and providers of widgets , tools , and applications ) featured on or linked to by our website may also collect information about you .
Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies .
If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will share with the seller the contact information you supply through our online " Email this Seller " form .
Some dealerships that list vehicles for sale on our website use third-party service providers to manage their " leads " ( that is , the inquiries they receive from consumers who are interested in the vehicles they 've listed for sale ) .
If a dealership has designated a provider of lead management services , we may also share with that provider any information you elect to send to the dealership through our " Email this Seller " form .
Vehicle manufacturers like to monitor how responsive their franchised dealers are to consumer inquiries .
To help them monitor and improve dealer performance , we may also provide vehicle manufacturers with the information you send their franchised dealers using our " Email this Seller " tool .
If you find a listing for a certified pre-owned vehicle that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will also share the information you supply through our " Email this Seller " form with the manufacturer of the vehicle you are inquiring about ( which administers the certified pre-owned program ) to use for quality assurance , internal business analysis , process management , and other similar purposes .
If you do not wish to share your email address or other contact information with sellers who advertise on our website , lead management service providers , and vehicle manufacturers , you should not use our " Email this Seller " contact form .
If you choose to receive a vehicle listing on your mobile phone , we or a service provider acting on our behalf will use the phone number you provide to send the listing you request .
By providing us with your mobile phone number , you agree that we may send this information to your mobile phone via text message or email .
Many of the dealership listings that appear on our website include toll-free telephone numbers that can be used to contact the dealership that is selling the advertised vehicle .
If you call a dealership using one of these toll-free numbers , we ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may provide the dealership with the date , time , and duration of your call , as well as the number from which your call originated and an audio recording of your call .
If you use our website 's live chat feature to ask questions about a vehicle , the service provider that manages this feature on our behalf may send a copy of your chat transcript to us and to the dealership that posted the vehicle listing .
Our service provider collects and uses chat transcripts in accordance with its own privacy policy , which may be accessible via the link shown during the chat session .
If you do not want this information to be shared with us , do not use the chat service .
You may sign up for or use certain products , services and tools on our website that require or permit you to provide information about yourself , such as your name , physical address , email address and phone number .
For example , you may provide such information if you sign up for our newsletters , complete our " Feedback " form or use a social media or interactive tool .
We may use such information in order to provide you with the products , services or tools you have requested .
When you list a car for sale , we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers ( including information like your phone number and email address ) .
We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card .
We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment ( please see the section on " Use and Disclosure of Information " below for more information about how we use and secure credit card information ) .
We may also use information you submit to us in connection with your purchase of that listing , including your name and location , on third-party sites and mobile applications where we distribute or promote your listing .
In addition to the above , we may collect information , and/or use the information we collect , in the following specific ways :  Searches and Listings To make use of certain features on our website , visitors need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs .
For example , to help you find the car you want close to home , we need to know what kind of car you are looking for and your zip code .
We ask you to provide this information when you perform a search .
We use this information to help you find the car you are looking for or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement .
From time to time , we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website .
If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest , we will ask you to provide information about yourself ( such as your name , phone number , address , date of birth , and email address ) .
Among other things , we will use this information to contact you if you win , and we may also use this information for marketing purposes .
We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes ; we will identify the co-sponsor in the contest rules .
We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third-party service providers that help administer our promotions , such as by conducting drawings , and/or delivering prizes to winners .
If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors , please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes .
From time to time , we survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our website and other sites and to help us learn more about our audience and how they interact with our website .
Third-party research firms often conduct these surveys on our behalf .
We use the survey results to help us improve the services we offer to you .
Except in the circumstances described below in the " Other Disclosures " section of this policy , we will not share , without your consent , any personally-identifying information you submit in response to an AutoTrader.com survey with any company other than the research firm conducting the survey .
We will , however , take the information you provide and aggregate it on an anonymous basis with data collected from other survey participants .
We may use and disclose that pool of anonymous information as we see fit , without identifying you personally .
You may also find on our website invitations to participate in surveys conducted by our advertisers , whose privacy practices we do not control .
These invitations will usually link to an online survey form that is hosted either by the advertiser conducting the survey or by a third-party research firm working on the advertiser 's behalf .
When you access an advertiser 's survey through our website , the use and disclosure of any information you submit will be governed by the advertiser 's privacy policy ( or by the privacy policy of the advertiser 's research firm ) , which may differ from ours .
If you can not find the applicable privacy policy via a link either from the advertiser 's survey invitation or from the online survey form , you should contact the advertiser directly for more information .
Credit App You may be able to apply for credit for a car loan or refinancing through our website using our Secure Credit Application or automobile financing portal .
If you use our website to apply for credit , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) will collect your personal information from you .
This information may include , but is not limited to , your name , email address , date of birth , Social Security Number , address , phone number , credit history , credit score , mortgage/rental information , and employment information .
If you use the Secure Credit Application , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may : ( 1 ) share your application information with the dealership ( s ) you selected so that the dealership ( s ) may make a decision about your application ;
and/or ( 2 ) store any application information on behalf of our dealership partners .
If you submit an application through our financing portal , we will transmit your application information to our third-party service provider so that our service provider may process your credit application request , and we may store your name , email address , and phone number on behalf of our dealership partners .
Our service provider 's use and storage of your credit application information is governed by its own privacy policy , which may differ from ours .
If you request an offer for your car through our Trade-In Marketplace program , we will ask you for your contact information , including your name , telephone number and email address .
We may also ask for additional optional information , like your credit score .
We will also ask you for a description of the vehicle that you want to sell or trade , including detailed information about the condition and history of the car .
We will use the information you provide to prepare and send you an offer for your vehicle .
If you access our Trade-In Marketplace program by clicking on a link displayed on a participating dealer website ( or in a listing on AutoTrader.com posted by a participating dealer ) , we will share your contact and vehicle information with that dealer so that the dealer can communicate with you about your interest in selling or trading in your car .
If you indicate that you are considering the purchase of a replacement vehicle , we will share your information with participating dealers in your area so that they can contact you about vehicles that may match your interests .
If you decide to redeem your Trade-In Marketplace offer , the participating dealer that you choose to conduct the required confirmation inspection of your car will also have access to your contact and vehicle information .
When we use other companies to help us operate our Trade-In Marketplace program or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about you and/or your vehicle that is necessary for them to perform their services .
We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request .
Email Addresses We may use your email address to respond to requests you make for our products or services or to respond to your communications with us .
We may also contact you to inquire about your experience on our website , to provide you with information about our products and services available from us or from our affiliates or to communicate to you information related to the automotive industry .
From time to time , we may also send you emails that include special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you .
We hope you will find these communications informative and useful .
If you do not , you can unsubscribe from any of our commercial email programs by following the simple instructions included in an email you receive in connection with that program .
If you request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program we will use and share your email address and other contact information with participating dealers as described in the paragraph immediately above .
MyAutoTrader.com helps you organize your search for the right car by allowing you to do things like saving your favorite searches and cars .
To access MyAutoTrader.com , we will ask you to register with us on the form provided , which may include personally identifiable information like your email address .
You may also be asked to provide additional , optional personal information , such as your name , gender , and age .
You agree to provide true , accurate , current , and complete information about yourself .
We use this information to process your registration request , provide you with the services and communications that you request , customize features that appear on our website , measure traffic on our website , and improve our website and the services and features offered to MyAutoTrader.com users .
We may share information we collect while you are using MyAutoTrader.com , including registration information , with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services .
When you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our website , we and the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use .
The social network 's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy , which may be different from this Privacy Statement .
You Post to our Website
If you choose to post content to any of the interactive areas of our website , such as discussion forums , comments fields and social media areas , please keep in mind that the information you post can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to those areas .
You may also have the opportunity from time to time to respond to questions that we display to users of the website .
If you choose to respond , your response may be published on an area of the website accessible to other users or the public .
We are not responsible for any third-party use of such information .
To help us tailor our website , and the tools and applications on our website , to the needs and interests of our visitors , we keep track of visitor interactions with our website through the use of cookies .
Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use websites and applications .
The " Help " function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely .
However , if you do not accept cookies , you will not be able to take advantage of some features on our website that are available to other visitors .
We use cookies to improve the user experience on our website by making it more responsive to the needs of our users , and to make it easier for us to recognize you when you return to our website .
We also use cookies to analyze website performance and to measure advertising performance .
To help us ( and in some cases our advertisers and third-party providers ) keep track of how many users are accessing particular pages or listings within our website , and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party websites , we may place a small file , called a web beacon , on some of our pages and on some of the listings and ads we distribute .
We may also place a web beacon in the emails we send to you .
When you open one of our emails or click on links within these emails , we track this click-through data to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications to you .
If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not open these emails or click text or graphic links in the emails .
Information about Your Computer or Device
Our web server ( and/or any web server operated by our service provider ( s ) on our behalf ) automatically collects and may store limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our website , including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you are running , the resolution of your computer monitor , and your IP address .
Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data ( such as the web pages you want to view ) can be transmitted to you .
We also use IP address information for systems administration ( including fraud detection and prevention ) and troubleshooting purposes .
We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our website and the website you visit after you leave our website .
Combined Technology Information Cookies , beacons , information collected about your computer or device , and other data collection technologies ( " Data Technologies " ) may be used individually or in combination in order to provide and/or administer our services , to help us understand user behavior , to monitor website performance , optimize ads and measure advertising performance .
Website Analytics We may collect , or have a third party collect on our behalf , data on how visitors use and navigate through the Websites , such as the number of users who visit various pages within the Websites , what they click on , whether they scroll up or down on particular pages , fill out forms , etc .
We use this information to improve the Websites and learn about users , and may disclose it to our affiliates ( including , among others , the members of the AutoTrader Group , Inc. corporate family ) , or to third parties .
Advertising AutoTrader.com has relationships with certain third-party advertising networks , Advertisers , and advertising services ( " Advertising Services " ) that collect data , target and serve some of the advertisements , promotions , or other marketing messages you see on our website and other websites and mobile applications , including websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates .
Such Advertising Services may , including through processes that we do not control , use Data Technologies from third party companies to collect data from your activities on these websites , on other websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates , or with other websites .
These technologies may be used to track user behavior , how our products and services are offered , conduct consumer research and possibly to serve you relevant ads and content .
These companies may also obtain information , including personally identifiable information , from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile websites or applications , and combine the information they obtain through these Data Technologies with information obtained through our products and services .
Their collection and use of this data is subject to their own privacy policies .
See " Use and Disclosure of Information " below for more information on opt out options .
Ad Serving and Targeting We ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) , our Advertising Services , our advertisers , and/or our third-party providers may use clickstream data collected using cookies , beacons , and/or browser level information to help us tailor the content of advertising , marketing , and promotional messages ( including , but not limited to , landing pages ) on this and other websites and mobile applications to the perceived interests of our users .
For example , if you 've been viewing pages related to SUVs on our website , you are more likely to see ads about certain SUVs on our website and other websites .
This clickstream data does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include the IP address of your computer .
Our Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options AutoTrader.com supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance , which regulates the practices relating to the collection of clickstream data .
To opt out of our interest-based advertising program or to learn more about our data collection practices , please visit our AdChoices page , www.aboutads.info or www.evidon.com .
Pages of our website that collect information that may be used by such advertising partners for interest-based advertising purposes are identified by a link to AdChoices on the page .
When we present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website - it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our website .
In some cases , to provide you with a customized experience and to enhance our services , we ( or third party service providers acting on our behalf ) may combine information ( including personally identifying information ) that we collect through our website with information about you and/or your computer from other sources , including offline interactions with us , public databases , and third parties .
We may share this information with our affiliates , including AutoTrader Group , Inc. and any of their subsidiaries , so that we and they may provide you with information , products , and services that we believe may be of interest to you .
Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption ( See " Security , " below. )  
We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us and to help detect and prevent fraud .
We do not share your credit card information with anyone , except as may be necessary to process your transactions , detect and/or prevent fraud , or comply with law .
To make our website more valuable to our visitors , we feature some products and services that come from other providers .
Our finance , insurance , warranty , and inspection services , for example , are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services .
We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services .
Our site includes links to other websites , and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control .
When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you 're visiting or the provider of such products or services .
When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site , use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services .
The provider 's privacy policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site 's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered , you should contact the provider directly for more information .
We may release or use information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with laws ; to respond to legal process or to a valid law enforcement request ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of visitors to our website , our customers , the public or AutoTrader.com .
As our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that AutoTrader.com , Inc. , one of its business units , or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company , information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets .
If you choose to unsubscribe in response to an email message that we send on behalf of an advertiser , we will share your email address and opt-out instructions with the advertiser .
Similarly , if we ask a third-party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf , we will share with that company ( or its agent ) a list of email addresses collected from website visitors who have opted out of our email program .
We may allow others to search some of our databases ( our listings database , for example ) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data , either for their business purposes , or ours .
Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying ( such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing ) , we will only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website .
When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services .
We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request .
AutoTrader.com , Inc. takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner .
Any credit card information you may provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption .
While we work hard to protect your privacy , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable , or invulnerable to attack , including your own , and the ones used to transmit your data to us .
We can not and do not guarantee that our systems , or your information , will be secure .
Any information you include in an actual vehicle listing is publicly available on the website and viewable by anyone with Internet access .
This website is intended for use by visitors within the United States .
If you reside outside the United States , please be aware that ( i ) our databases are stored on servers and storage devices located in the United States , ( ii ) your information ( including personal data ) may be transferred to the United States for processing and storage , and ( iii ) the United States , and the localities within the United States where our databases are located , may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the locality or country in which you reside .
By using our website , you expressly agree to our collection , use , disclosure , and transfer of your information ( including personal data ) for the purposes identified herein , and you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country .
Our website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information ; if you are under 13 , please do not provide any information about yourself on this website .
If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future , we will post the revised Privacy Statement on this website together with an updated reference to its Effective date to reflect the date of the amendment .
Your continued use of this website following the effective date of any such amendment shall be deemed to constitute your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement as amended .
By visiting AutoTrader.com , you agree that your visit , and any dispute over privacy , is governed by this Privacy Statement and our Visitor Agreement .
Last Updated and Effective : August 20 , 2012
This privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) applies to the information collected by Sony Corporation of America ( SCA ) , both offline and online , including through www.sony.com and through any interactive features , applications , widgets , blogs , social networks and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy , whether accessed via computer , mobile device or other technology ( collectively , SCA Websites or Websites ) .
Please note that when you enter any subsites accessible through www.sony.com , such subsites may have their own specific privacy policies .
Additionally , the websites of affiliated Sony companies , including some that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , and internet domains that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , may have different policies ; therefore , please review the privacy policy notices on those websites if you visit them .
This Privacy Policy explains the information that SCA may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
In addition , please review our Terms & Conditions , which govern your use of the SCA Websites .
Your California Privacy Rights : If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying any third party ( ies ) to whom SCA may have disclosed , within the preceding calendar year , your personal information for that third party 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed .
To obtain such information free of charge , please write to us at Sony Corporation of America , 550 Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10022 ,
Attn : Legal Department , or submit your request to privacy @ sonyusa.com .
SCA will respond to these requests within thirty ( 30 ) days .
Requests that come to SCA by other means may result in a delayed response .
TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 .
Collects Automatically Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
Receives From Third Parties Social Media Applications 2 .
Uses of the Personal Information SCA Collects 3 .
When and With Whom SCA May Share Information Collected 4 .
On Other Websites 5 .
Consent to Processing 7 .
Changes to Privacy Policy 8 .
While SCA does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the SCA Websites , please note that in order to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes , contests and other promotions ( collectively , Promotions ) and chat rooms or bulletin boards , we may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally ( such as first and last name , e-mail address , mailing address and telephone number ) ( " Personal Information " ) .
We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself , such as demographic information ( such as gender , geographic region , age , etc. )  or certain information about your preferences and interests .
If you choose not to provide such Personal Information or other information to us , you may not be able to participate in certain activities we offer .
If we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with Personal Information about you , we will treat the combined information as Personal Information .
The SCA Websites are open to all individuals , though some Promotions may have age restrictions .
We do not knowingly collect or permit the collection , storage or use of any Personal Information from anyone under 13 .
If you are a parent or guardian who knows or has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her Personal Information or other information without your consent , permission or authorization , upon request , we will promptly : ( a ) provide direct notice to you indicating what , if any , Personal Information of your child has been collected and how it has been used and/or disclosed ; ( b ) remove your child 's Personal Information or other information from our database , cease the use of such information and direct any other party with access to such information to do the same ; and ( c ) by notice to you , confirm compliance with the foregoing .
We may offer opportunities to enter into Promotions that we offer , on our own or jointly with a third party .
Such Promotions may require registration and the disclosure of both Personal Information and non-Personal Information .
In the event that a Promotion is offered jointly with a third party , as a result of your participation in such Promotion , your Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be shared with such third party , which sharing we will disclose to you at the time you provide your information .
By entering a Promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor and/or other third parties connected to the Promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising and marketing materials .
Therefore , always carefully read the rules of the Promotion before entering .
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to provide to us via the SCA Websites , whenever you visit or interact with the SCA Websites , SCA automatically collects certain information such as your IP address and/or another unique identifier ( " Device Identifier " ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( " Device " ) you use to access the SCA Websites and any referring website .
( A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers .
Our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. )  
Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Websites .
In addition , SCA , as well as certain third-party analytics and other service providers , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you use the SCA Websites ( " Usage Information " ) .
Usage Information may include , in part , browser type , operating system , the page served , the time at which a page was accessed and/or the time spent on a page , and the preceding pages views .
Usage Information is generally non-identifying , but if SCA associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person , we will treat it as Personal Information .
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
The technologies used on the SCA Websites to collect Usage Information , including Device Identifiers , may include :  Cookies . "
Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are small text files that help store user preferences and activity .
A Cookie is placed on a Device when it is used to visit the SCA Websites or otherwise access our online offerings .
Cookies may be used for many purposes , such as remembering you and your preferences , tracking your visits to our web pages and customizing your SCA Website experience .
If you choose to disable cookies on your Device , some features of our Websites or our online offerings may not function properly .
Web beacons ( also known as image tags , pixel tags , GIFS or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the SCA Websites , to monitor how users navigate the SCA Websites , to count how many sent e-mails were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the SCA Websites , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Websites , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
SCA may receive information about you from third parties .
In addition , if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us , that website will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested .
We may also supplement the information we collect about you with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
When we obtain Personal Information from third parties , we will apply this Privacy Policy to the Personal Information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
Social Media Applications Functionality on the SCA Websites may permit interactions between such SCA Websites and a third-party website , such as enabling you to like a product or share content to third-party websites .
If you choose to like or share content or to otherwise post information from or via the SCA Websites to a third-party website , feature or application , that information may become public and the third-party web site may have access to information about you and your use of the SCA Websites .
You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature ( such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to share ) information about you , including Personal Information .
The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature , in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature , but we may retain the information previously collected .
In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their connections , or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your connections web page , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or interactive service .
SCA will use the information it collects , including your Personal Information : to tailor your experience on the SCA Websites ; to determine which products and services we offer may be of interest to you ; to provide you with information about Promotions or other offerings that may be of interest to you ; to provide you with support and answer questions or other requests ; and for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide the Personal Information .
We may also use the information we collect to improve the SCA Websites and our products and services , for internal business purposes , and to contact you with regard to your use of the SCA Websites and , in our discretion , changes to any of our policies .
Non-Personal Information .
We may share non-Personal Information , such as aggregate user statistics , demographic information , and Usage Information with third parties for a variety of purposes , including tailoring promotions , advertising and communications we present to you .
We may also share your Personal Information , as specifically disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information and in the following circumstances :  To Affiliates , Other Sony Companies and Third-Parties .
To Affiliates and Other Sony Companies .
SCA may share your Personal Information with companies affiliated with SCA ( Affiliates " ) , so that those Affiliates can ( i ) assist us with fulfilling your requests or improving our products , content , services or advertising ; and/or ( ii ) contact you about products , content , services or other offerings that may be of interest to you .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , Affiliates means Sony Corporation of America , any company with respect to which SCA owns , directly or indirectly , 50 % or more of its outstanding shares , and any company with the name " SONY " as a part of its trade name .
To Third-Party Service Providers Providing Services
On SCA 's Behalf .
We may from time to time employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf , and thus , we may also share your Personal Information with third party service providers that assist us with providing content , fulfilling your requests , improving our products , content , services or advertising , or otherwise performing services for SCA .
As one example , if you access content or services that are published , developed or supported by an Affiliate or third party , your Personal Information may be shared with that Affiliate or third party for purposes related to that content or those services , including service administration and/or development .
Additionally , we may share your information in order to host or operate the SCA Websites , for data analysis purposes , and for the administration of Promotions , such as in connection with winner selection and prize fulfillment .
To Have Your Personal Information Shared or Otherwise Request
That We Share Your Information .
We may offer you the opportunity to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties .
Such reasons include , without limitation , so that you are able to receive information and/or marketing offers from third parties .
Additionally , you may request , sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third- party application , that we share Personal Information about you with a third party , and we will typically do so in those circumstances .
If you agree or request to have your Personal Information shared ( either by opting in , choosing not to opt-out or using a specific feature of the SCA Websites ) , your Personal Information will be disclosed to the applicable third party ( s ) and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of such third party ( s ) ; therefore , please consult the respective privacy policies of each third party .
If you consent or request to receive communications from third parties , you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications .
The provisions above apply to our sharing of Personal Information with Affiliates and third-party service providers .
They do not cover use of Personal Information that those Affiliates and third-party service providers collect directly from you .
Such use of Personal Information is covered by the relevant Affiliate 's and/or third party 's privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy .
We may share your Personal Information with other entities affiliated with us for internal reasons , primarily for business and operational purposes including any corporate reorganization , restructuring or other corporate change .
In addition , SCA or any of its assets , including the SCA Websites , may be sold , or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the key business assets in the transaction .
In such a case , your Personal Information may be one of the business assets we transfer .
Hence , SCA reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information , including Personal Information , in connection with any activity and/or transaction described above .
Legal Protections and Law Enforcement .
We may transfer and disclose information , including your Personal Information , Usage Information and Device Identifier ( including IP address ) , to third parties : ( i ) to comply with legal obligations ; ( ii ) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it ; ( iii ) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation ; ( iv ) to verify or enforce our Terms & Conditions or other applicable policies ; ( v ) to respond to an emergency ; or ( vi ) to otherwise protect the rights , property , safety or security of third parties , visitors to the SCA Websites or the public .
We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , Internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies , in our discretion .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
The SCA Websites may contain links to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control .
This includes links of advertisers , sponsors and partners that may use our logo ( s ) as part of a co-branding agreement .
In addition , SCA content or widgets may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control .
These other websites may send their own cookies to your Device , and they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information .
A link from any SCA Website to any other website does not mean that Sony approves of , endorses , or recommends that website .
SCA provides such links for your convenience and is not responsible for the content of any website linked to or from any SCA Website .
Moreover , SCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party , and it disclaims all warranties , express or implied , as to the accuracy , legality , reliability , or validity of any content on any other website .
SCA uses commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information , and we use reasonable efforts to obtain the agreement of our Affiliates and third-party service providers to take steps to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of Personal Information we share with them .
However , no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % private and secure .
Please be careful to avoid phishing ' scams , where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from SCA asking for your Personal Information .
SCA will never request your Personal Information through e-mail .
You understand that any message or information you send to a SCA Website may be read or intercepted by others .
SCA does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use the SCA Websites and provide us with your information at your own risk .
The SCA Websites are operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States .
By using the SCA Websites , or providing us with any information , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer , processing and storage of your information in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen .
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place .
SCA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time , without prior notice to you , and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting .
Your continued use of the SCA Websites after posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of , and agreement to be bound by , those changes .
Thus , please review this Privacy Policy periodically .
If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding Personal Information or about this Privacy Policy , please write to us at Sony Corporation of America , 550 Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10022 ,
Attn : Legal Department , or submit your request to privacy @ sonyusa.com .
Effective as of January 15 , 2009
Forever 21 , Inc. , and its U.S. and Canadian retail affiliates , Forever 21 Retail , Inc. and Forever XXI , ULC ( collectively , " Forever 21 " ) , value our customers and visitors to our Websites and respect your concerns about the privacy of your personal information and data security .
Our Privacy and Security Policy ( the " Privacy Policy " ) is intended to protect your privacy and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion , style and shopping .
This Privacy Policy applies to our Websites hosted in the United States and Canada , namely , www.forever21.com and http :
//canada.forever21.com ( collectively , the " Websites " ) , and to our fashion marketing and sales activities , including sales through our store locations , in the United States and Canada under our brands Forever 21 , Heritage 1981 , Twelve by Twelve , Reference , For Love 21 and Gadzooks .
This Privacy Policy protects consumers providing information through our Websites and stores and is not designed to protect business information .
By using our Websites or providing information to us at our stores , you consent to the collection and use of your personal information .
In addition to reviewing our Privacy Policy , you should also read our Terms of Use for our Websites .
Your use of our Websites constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions .
Because we continue to develop our Websites and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide , our policies will change over time .
We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices .
If you are a registered user of our Websites , we may notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy using the most current email address you have provided to us .
Your continued access and use of our Websites will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to our Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect , use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical support .
This Privacy Policy explains :  What information
Forever 21 gathers from users of our Websites .
How Forever 21 uses the personal information that you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship .
How Forever 21 uses " cookies " and " IP Addresses. "  
What personal information , if any , Forever 21 may share about you with others and the conditions that protect your information if it must be shared .
What kind of security measures Forever 21 takes to protect your information from loss or disclosure and how Forever 21 will inform you in the event of a security breach .
The circumstances under which you can access your personal information you have shared with Forever 21 and have that information corrected , restrict Forever 21 's use of that information , and even have it removed from our records .
Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores .
We receive and store information you enter on our Websites , provide to us at our stores , or give to us in any other way .
For example , you may provide information to us when you register with our Websites , sign-in , search , add items to your shopping cart , pay for an item , participate in a survey , contest or promotion , apply for a job , request to receive our marketing materials , or communicate with Forever 21 's customer service .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , phone number , email address , payment card information , and personal shopping and product preferences .
In applying for a job with us , you may provide to us your name , address , phone number , email address , previous work experience , references and other personal information about your background and experience .
We also automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit our Websites .
We might also receive information about you from other sources , such as in providing you special offers that we think will be of interest , and we may add that information to our account information .
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site , and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services .
This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag , which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites .
No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process .
They do not know the name , phone number , address , email address , or any personally identifying information about the user .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider , please click here .
You can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative website by clicking here .
We use information we have collected about you to provide you with the very best shopping experience , the most current fashion clothing and accessories , and personal style news .
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason .
We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties , or to our affiliates , who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so .
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction you authorized or perform some other activity you have asked us to do .
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf .
All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform .
We may disclose personal information about our customers as permitted or required by law , such as in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process , or in connection with a merger , acquisition or bankruptcy , as discussed further below .
We may disclose information about you to protect against fraud and other crimes and to enforce our contracts with you .
We try to provide you with the information you need to make informed reasonable choices with respect to how our Websites uses or shares your information .
Forever 21 collects and uses personal information from you in several ways :  Website usage .
Forever 21 or Forever 21 's authorized service providers may observe activities , preferences and transactional data ( such as your IP address , browser type and operating system ) relating to your use of our Websites .
We may use this collected or logged information in order to provide better service , to facilitate our customers ' use of the website , to track usage of the website , and to address security hazards .
Forever 21 , or one of Forever 21 's authorized service providers , may use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout our Websites for Forever 21 's internal analysis .
We collect information about you when you shop on our website .
You may visit our site without registering , but if you wish to add merchandise to your shopping cart , create a wish list or use other special features offered on our site , you will need to provide us with certain information , including your name , address , phone number and email address , to open an account with us .
We will assist you in creating a user
id and a password to protect your account information .
Similarly , if you wish to apply online for a job position with us , you will be required to submit relevant information about your background and experience .
We collect information about you when you purchase merchandise in our stores or sign-up in our stores to receive our marketing materials or apply for a job .
Our internal data security policies restrict access to customers ' personal information to authorized employees .
Authorized employees may use our customers ' personal information for Forever 21 business purposes only .
Our employees are bound by Forever 21 policies that require them to maintain the confidentiality of our customers ' personal information .
Employees who violate these requirements are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination .
We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information .
For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewall barriers , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , Forever 21 can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps .
Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites .
We may use " cookies " to collect or log certain information .
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores on a personal computer and which it can later retrieve .
We may use cookies for some administrative purposes , for example , to store our customers ' preferences for certain kinds of products or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our website .
The cookies will not contain information that will enable anyone to contact our customers via telephone , email , or any other means .
If our customers are uncomfortable with the use of cookie technology , they can set their browsers to refuse cookies .
Certain of our services , however , could be dependent on cookies and our customers may disable those services by refusing cookies .
Our Websites may contain links to third party sites .
Please be aware , however , that Forever 21 is not responsible for and can not control the privacy policies of these other sites or their practices .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other sites , as they may differ from ours .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by Forever 21 .
You have choices when it comes to how Forever 21 uses your personal information .
When you register online with our Websites or sign-up in our stores , you can choose not to receive information about merchandise , services and special promotional offers from us by direct mail and/or email .
If you elect not to receive such product marketing information by direct mail or email , Forever 21 may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account and process your transactions .
You can change your preferences by following the instructions for opting out at the end of the marketing email , or by following the instructions for Account Information on the Websites or by contacting Customer Service at www.forever21.com/customerservice , or calling in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) .
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important so we can provide you with excellent service .
If your account information is incomplete , inaccurate or not current , please follow the instructions for My Account on our Websites to correct or update your account information online , or you may contact Customer Service at www.forever21.com/customerservice or call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) .
If you need additional assistance or wish more information about our privacy practices , please call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) and ask to speak to our Privacy Officer .
Our Websites are hosted in the United States and are intended for United States and Canadian visitors .
This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States and Canada .
Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States and Canada .
Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience .
If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction .
By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data .
If Forever 21 should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Forever 21 should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of Forever 21 's business , Forever 21 may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties .
It is Forever 21 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions .
Forever 21 can not , however , guarantee that Forever 21 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if Forever 21 is sold or merges with another company .
Children are not eligible to use our Websites .
We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with your parents or guardians .
Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to Forever 21 .
If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Websites , and Forever 21 becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible .
Because we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under 13 , we do not use or disclose such information to third parties .
You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information and be responsible about protecting your personal information and identity whenever you are online .
Forever 21 , Heritage 1981 , Twelve by Twelve , Reference , For Love 21 and Gadzooks , and www.
//Canada.forever21.com are tradenames and/or trademarks of Forever 21 , Inc. and its affiliates .
Forever 21 , Inc .
Forever 21 Retail , Inc .
Forever XXI , ULC 3880 N. Mission Rd.
Los Angeles , CA 90031 213-741-5100 ( office ) 213-741-8995 ( fax )  Privacy Statement CVS Caremark 's Privacy Commitments Effective Date : November 30 , 2012 .
At CVS Caremark , we are committed to ensuring your privacy .
This commitment guides our decisions about how , where , and when to collect and share your personally identifiable information .
Our goal is to provide you with clear , easy-to-read explanations about our information practices in one place .
This explanatory information applies throughout our businesses and across our websites , mobile apps and social media presences for cvs.com , caremark.com , cvscaremark.com and minuteclinic.com ( " Our Sites " ) .
We welcome your questions and feedback about our Privacy Policy or our privacy commitments , and invite you to Contact Us .
As part of our privacy commitment to you , we want to share with you the basic components of our Privacy Policy :  Transparency .
We will make our privacy commitments easy to find and easy to read .
We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy before they take effect .
You have choices about what information you provide to CVS and how CVS Caremark will use your information for marketing purposes .
We will use state of the art security safeguards to protect your privacy and the data entrusted to us .
We will not sell your personal information to anyone , for any purpose .
And when we share information with our subsidiaries or trusted service providers , they too must comply with our privacy commitments .
We will listen to your feedback and answer your questions about our Privacy Policy , commitments , and practices .
We recognize the trust you place in us to safeguard your privacy .
Our privacy commitments are and will remain a fundamental part of our business , and will apply to everyone who has a relationship with CVS Caremark , including patients , customers , and visitors to Our Sites .
These commitments may well grow as our business grows and we develop new ways to interact with you , but rest assured that we will keep you informed about these changes through our updated policies .
The CVS Caremark Privacy Policy CVS Caremark Sites and Mobile Apps are owned and operated by the CVS Caremark Corporation .
This Privacy Policy describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
Our Privacy Policy applies to the information collected on Our Sites and to any other information that CVS Caremark collects about you .
For information about the privacy of your personal health information , please review the CVS Caremark Notice of Privacy Practices .
By using Our Sites , you signify your consent to our collection , use , and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Our Sites .
CVS Caremark may collect different types of personal or other information when you visit Our Sites , when you place orders with us , and in other circumstances described in this Privacy Policy .
Some examples of the information we collect include :  Contact Information , which we use for contacting you regarding your orders or for services which may be of interest to you ; Billing Information necessary for your financial relationship with us , including payment method data you store with us for the completion of orders ; Personal Health Information necessary for filling prescription orders from CVS Caremark .
We may also collect Personal Health Information while providing you services at CVS MinuteClinic .
This information is also protected under our Notice of Privacy Practices ; Technical Information relating to your use of our Sites or mobile apps .
CVS Caremark collects information in four primary ways : When you provide us with information when you purchase or interact with us about products or services offered by CVS Caremark ; When you register as a user of a CVS Caremark Site ; When we collect technical information automatically when you visit Our Sites ; and When we obtain information about you from your employer or health care plan in connection with your prescription orders .
CVS Caremark may use the information we collect in a variety of ways to enhance our customers ' experiences , including to : Process your orders for products or services ; Improve customer services ; Respond to your questions ; Deliver you customized content , advertising and savings that may be of interest to you ; Communicate with you regarding updates , offers , and promotions ; Monitor and ensure Site integrity and security ; Investigate , prevent , or take action relating to illegal activities , violations of our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy ; and Aggregate non-identifiable information for business analysis .
We collect information about your activity on Our Sites and through our advertisements using technologies such as cookies , including third-party cookies , web beacons and server log files .
We and our third party business partners use this automatically generated information , as well as other information that we or they have , to provide you with an optimal website experience .
This includes measuring the effectiveness of our ads and your interactions them , and tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services you may find helpful on Our Sites and third-party sites .
Our Sites may also contain third-party cookies from advertising partners who help serve ads for CVS Caremark and other third parties on Our Sites and elsewhere on the web .
To opt-out of these type of cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) website by clicking here .
Remember that even if you opt-out through the NAI website , you can still receive tailored offers through your CVS ExtraCare savings and rewards program , which can be accessed through mycvs.com .
CVS Caremark will only share your personal information in manners described within this Privacy Policy .
We do not sell your personal information to anyone for marketing purposes .
With CVS Caremark Companies : CVS Caremark and its subsidiaries may share your personally identifiable information with one another to ensure that your experiences as a customer or user of CVS Caremark Sites is as seamless and enjoyable as possible .
With Third Party Companies : In limited circumstances , CVS Caremark may share your personally identifiable information with third party companies to provide you with technologies , services , or content that may be of interest to you , or to assist us in fulfilling your orders .
In all instances in which CVS Caremark shares your personally identifiable information , we require that the recipient agrees to protect it in a manner consistent with this privacy policy .
In Other Circumstances : CVS Caremark may share your information in other limited circumstances , including : Responding to requests from law enforcement officials or judicial authorities or to otherwise cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter ; Responding to matters of personal or public safety ; In litigation , investigations , and other legal matters where the data is pertinent ; To investigate security incidents ;
In the event of the sale or transfer of CVS Caremark or of some of our assets , or in the context of similar business negotiations .
We also collect technical , non-personal information about Site users .
CVS Caremark may also remove personally identifiable information to create anonymous data .
This data can not be used to identify any individual , and we will not attempt to re-identify later or allow others to do .
CVS Caremark uses and shares this data for historical , statistical , or business planning purposes .
CVS Caremark Sites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13 .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know to be under the age of 13 .
We instruct users under the age of 13 not to send any information to CVS Caremark through our Sites .
We maintain industry standard security measures , including SSL encryption , to protect sensitive data such as when it is stored by CVS Caremark and when you send it to us .
We ask all third parties acting on our behalf to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to implement comparable data protection and security policies .
We maintain personal information for registered Site users in accordance with our Records Retention Policy and Procedure , and you have the right to change your membership information or status at any time .
You have the ability to review , modify , or request the removal of personal information we collect about you .
Certain information may be retained , however , to satisfy legal obligations .
You may choose to limit the types and frequency of communications you receive from CVS Caremark .
You may choose to end your relationship with CVS Caremark at any point .
We collect information , including personal contact information , education and work history , as well as Social Security numbers in order to process and consider your application .
Your application information will not be sold to unaffiliated third-parties for marketing purposes .
The information on your application may be shared with background services and our affiliates and used for certain regulatory , compliance and legal purposes .
Any changes in our Privacy Policy will be prominently posted on the CVS Caremark Privacy Site so that you are aware of any changes in the data we collect and how we use it .
If you register and provide us with a valid email address , we will notify you by email of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy .
You will be given the opportunity to opt in to any significant new uses of personal information if that information was collected prior to the change in this policy .
If you do not opt in to any significant new uses of your personal information , that information will continue to be governed by the policy in effect at the time your information was collected .
If you do not register , we will not have your email address and can not provide you with any notifications of Privacy Policy changes .
In some circumstances , CVS Caremark 's use of your information will also be subject to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( frequently referred to as ' HIPAA ' ) .
For example , when you are submitting personal health information for prescription refills , or you provide information to during a visit to the MinuteClinic or through the Patient Center My Records at MinuteClinic.com , we are subject to the requirements of HIPAA .
In these circumstances , the terms of CVS Caremark 's HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will apply .
If you have questions about which policy applies to information you have provided us , please do not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 .
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , CVS Caremark will not sell or transfer your personal information with third party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent .
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this statute or who have questions more generally about our Privacy Policy and our privacy commitments to our customers and Site users should not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 .
Privacy Policy Effective Date : April 24 , 2013
CafePress values the users of our website ( the " Website " ) .
Your privacy and trust are very important to us .
We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection , use , and disclosure of the personally identifiable information ( " Personal Information " ) that we collect when you use the Website and the services offered on the Website ( " CafePress Services " ) .
This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect from you , how we collect this information , and what we do with it after we collect it .
By using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @
We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by sending you an email , posting a notice on the home page of the Website , or posting a notice in your account when you first login after we have made changes .
If you receive notification of a change in our Privacy Policy , you must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures .
You may not be able to receive notices from us if your cookies are not set to accept and/or are disabled .
We collect Personal Information that you provide to us , such as your name , mailing address , phone number , email address , credit card number , and financial information .
Non-Personal Information .
We also collect non-personal information from you , such as your browser type , the URL of the previous website you visited , your ISP , operating system , and your Internet protocol ( IP ) Address ( " Non-Personal Information " ) .
Non-Personal Information can not be easily used to personally identify you .
Providing Information to Us .
We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us .
For example , if you purchase a product , we may collect your name , mailing address , telephone number , credit card number , and email address .
If you create a Content Owner Account , we may collect your name , tax identification number , mailing address , email address , and other information that we request during the registration process , and any information that you provide on your CafePress storefront .
If you sign up to receive a newsletter , we will collect your email address .
If you communicate with us regarding the Website or the CafePress Services , we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication .
Analytic and Reporting Technologies .
Like the operators of most websites , we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names , Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser software , operating system types , clickstream patterns , and the dates and times that the Website and the CafePress Services are accessed .
We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website .
To do this , we may use web beacons and cookies .
Signing In via Social Network Account .
CafePress may allow you to sign in to a CafePress website or application using a social networking account , such as a Facebook account .
These social networking sign-on features may also enable you to create an account more easily by prepopulating our registration form with the information you provided to the social networking site .
Typically , the first time you use one of these sign-on services , the social networking site will inform you of the information that will be shared with CafePress .
We may use that information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
To learn more about what information the social networking site collects when you use it to sign in to our website or application , please refer to the privacy policy for that social networking site .
We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website , fulfilling requests for information , producing and shipping the products that you order , and providing customer support .
For example , if you create a Content Owner Account , we will use the information that you provide us to communicate with you and pay you any royalties that you earn .
Similarly , if you sign up to receive a CafePress newsletter , we will use the email address you provide to send you the newsletters .
Non-Personal Information .
We use Non-Personal Information to track the use of the Website and the CafePress Services and for other internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website .
We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours , such as a company that acquires us .
In the event CafePress goes through a business transition , such as a merger or acquisition by or with another company , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred .
You will be notified via email or by a notice on our Website of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information .
Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties .
We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency , to prevent harm to others , to respond to legal requirements , to protect or enforce our rights and policies , to protect or enforce the rights of a third party , or as required or permitted by law ( including , without limitation , to comply with a subpoena or court order ) .
In particular , if you are a Content Owner , we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through your Shop .
Similarly , if you allege that a Content Owner is infringing upon your intellectual property rights , we may disclose your information to that Content Owner .
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers and Online Partners .
We may contract with various third parties who help us provide , maintain and improve the Website and the CafePress Services .
For example , we use a third party to process payments made to us , and may subcontract out production , fulfillment , analytics , reporting or other operations .
We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information , except for the purpose of providing the services in question .
We can not guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your Personal Information .
CafePress does not share , rent or trade your Personal Information with third parties for their promotional purposes .
Disclosure to Content Owners .
If you purchase a product from a Shop , CafePress may provide your name , and the city and state information provided by you to the Content Owner .
In the Content Owner Agreement , CafePress contractually obligates each Content Owner not to use or disclose this information for any purposes other than internal record keeping , and for marketing their Shops , only if you have opted in to receive marketing material directly from the Content Owner .
We can not guarantee all Content Owners will comply with this obligation .
Disclosure of Non-Personal Information .
We will disclose Non-Personal Information , in aggregate form , to potential strategic partners , advertisers , investors , customers , and others .
You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information .
However , it can not be easily used to identify you personally .
We may use third party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on the Website .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Website , and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services .
This anonymous information is collected through the use of a web beacon , which is industry standard technology used by most major websites .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service providers , please click here .
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer .
Most websites use cookies .
We use cookies to track your use of the Website and the CafePress Services , provide you with a more personalized user experience , and to allow you to login and begin use of the CafePress Services automatically when you visit the Website .
A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image , usually no larger than a 1x1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or receiving the e-mail .
Cookies and web beacons used by CafePress and our online partners are not linked to Personal Information .
Some of our Content Owners may use cookies or web beacons on our Website .
We have no access to or control over these cookies and web beacons .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and web beacons by CafePress and our online partners only and does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any other third party , Content Owner or advertiser .
Whenever we obtain your Personal Information , we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure .
However , we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information .
Accordingly , we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties , or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control .
The content that you store , post , or transmit on or through the Website , such as message board postings , storefront pages , and images on your Products , may be accessed by other users , including people that you do not know .
We are not responsible for the actions of others .
Therefore , you should use care in communicating with other users and only disclose your Personal Information to other users that you know to be trustworthy .
You should not assume that your content will be kept private .
You can obtain a copy of and request that we correct errors in your Personal Information by emailing us at privacy @ cafepress.com .
For your protection , you will be required to provide proof of your identity to obtain a copy of your Personal Information .
If your Personal Information changes or if you no longer want to use the CafePress Services , you may correct , update or deactivate your Personal Information and/or your account through the account management screen .
If you would like to deactivate or terminate your account you can also contact Customer Service .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number and/or social security number on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process Personal Information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
By providing CafePress with your Personal Information you acknowledge and agree that we may store your Personal Information and transfer it to and from our servers located in the United States and throughout the world .
We endeavor to protect all Personal Information collected through the Website in a safe , confidential and secure manner .
You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Website .
This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites .
We can not control how third parties may use Personal Information you disclose to them , so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your Personal Information to its provider .
The CafePress Services are intended for users ages 13 and older only .
Accordingly , we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of 13 .
In addition , we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 13 .
Prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 can only use the CafePress Services under their parents or legal guardian 's supervision .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 , you , your parent , or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your Personal Information in our database
and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us .
If you wish to do so , please contact us at privacy @
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes .
For example , if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference on our order form .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters and promotional communications , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at privacy @ cafepress.com .
We also offer you an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications through the account management screen .
If you need assistance you may contact us at privacy @
cafepress.com ; Customer Service ; or via mail sent to 1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300 , San Mateo , CA 94404 .
If we disclose your Personal Information to a third party in a manner that is not set forth in this Privacy Policy you will be notified so that you can make an informed choice about sharing your Personal Information with that third party .
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by CafePress and its related companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California .
To make such a request , please send an email to privacy @ cafepress.com or write us :  CafePress Inc .
Legal CA Privacy 1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300 San Mateo , CA 94404
