Privacy Policy Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :  What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user
, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page .
Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :  Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :  Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :  details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
Location information When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
Local storage We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :  
With your consent We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :  view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account . receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :  meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
In particular :  We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Application Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :  Chrome and Chrome OS Books Wallet Fiber Privacy Statement DX undertakes to collect Your Data by means that are :
If you visit DX 's web-site , your web-browser automatically discloses , and DX 's web-server automatically logs , the following information : the date and time , the IP address from which you issued the request , the type of browser and operating system you are using , the URL of any page that referred you to the page , the URL you requested , and whether your request was successful .
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you .
Any additional data that you provide , e.g. in a web-form , may also be logged .
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you .
Any additional data that your web-browser automatically provides may also be logged .
This will be the case , for example , if your browser has previously been requested to store data on your computer in ' cookies ' and submits them each time you request a web-page within a particular domain ( such as DX.com ) .
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you .
If you disclose personal data to DX in conjunction with an identifier such as your name or your contact details ( such as your e-mail address ) , DX will collect Your Data .
Moreover , any data that becomes available to DX through any of the means described in the preceding paragraphs may be able to be associated with that identifier , and hence become Your Data .
Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes to collect Your Data from you and not from other parties .
This undertaking is qualified as follows :  
Where DX reasonably considers that the protection of its financial interests requires that it gather Your Data from other sources , or from additional sources .
This applies in particular where DX has a lending exposure to you , and seeks information about your creditworthiness ;  Where DX reasonably considers that its capability to deliver quality services to you will be materially enhanced by gathering Your Data from other sources .
This applies in particular to consumer profile data .
Where DX collects Your Data from sources other than you , it undertakes :  
To do so only by legal means ;  To do so only with your Consent ; and To declare to you what sources it uses , and under what circumstances .
DX undertakes to declare the purpose of collection in a manner which is clear and meaningful , and to avoid vague , highly inclusive statements such as ' to support our operations ' .
DX undertakes to store Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity .
DX undertakes to store Your Data only in jurisdictions where data protections are at least equivalent to those required under the OECD Guidelines .
DX undertakes to transmit Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity .
DX undertakes to implement appropriate measures to ensure security of Your Data against inappropriate behavior by DX 's staff-members and contractors .
These include :  Training for staff in relation to privacy ;  Access control , to limit access to Your Data to those staff and contractors who have legitimate reasons to access it ;  Particularly in the case of sensitive data , audit trails of accesses , including the identities of staff and contractors accessing the data ;  Reminders to staff and contractors from time to time about the importance of data privacy , and the consequences of inappropriate behavior ;  Declaration of appropriately strong sanctions that are to be applied in the event of inappropriate behavior Clear communication of policies and sanctions ; and Processes to audit , to investigate and to impose sanctions .
Use refers to the application of Your Data by any part of DX , or any staff-member or contractor of DX in the course of their work .
DX undertakes to use Your Data only for :  The purposes for which it was collected ;  Such other purposes as are subsequently agreed between DX and You ;  Such additional purposes as may be required by law .
In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the use has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and Such additional purposes as are authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) .
DX undertakes to use Your Data only if it has demonstrable relevance to the particular use to which it is being put .
DX undertakes to use Your Data in such a manner as to take into account the possibility that it is not of sufficient quality for the purpose , e.g. because it is inaccurate , out-of-date , incomplete , or out-of-context .
Disclosure refers to making Your Data available to any party other than DX and You .
The term disclosure may include many different conditions of data transfer , including selling , renting , trading , sharing and giving .
DX undertakes to disclose Your Data only under the following circumstances :  
In the course of business being conducted between You and DX , where disclosure is necessary to a contractor , such as payment processors like PayPal and transportation companies .
Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;  
In other circumstances that are directly implied by the purpose agreed between You and DX at the time of data collection or subsequently .
Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;  With your consent , or at your request ;  Where required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena .
In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the disclosure has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ;  Where permitted by law ( e.g. the reporting of suspected breach of the criminal law to a law enforcement agency ; and in an emergency , where DX believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure of Your Data will materially assist in the protection of the life of health of some person ) , provided that DX will apply due diligence to ensure that the exercise of the permission is justifiable .
In all cases , DX undertakes to disclose only such of Your Data as is necessary in the particular circumstances .
Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes : To retain Your Data only as long as is consistent with its purpose ; and To destroy Your Data when its purpose has expired , and to do so in such a manner that Your Data is not subsequently capable of being recovered .
This undertaking is qualified as follows :  Your Data may be retained in DX 's logs , backups and audit trails within short-term retention cycles that are devised to protect the company 's operations .
In such cases , Your Data will be destroyed in accordance with those cycles ;  Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if that is required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena , or a warning by a law enforcement agency that delivery of a court order is imminent .
In these circumstances DX :  Will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that Your Data is being retained , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and Will only retain Your Data while that provision is current , and will then destroy Your Data ;  DX follows all of the existing Google 's Remarketing Privacy Guidelines , Policies , and Restrictions .
DX uses Analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on your prior visits to DX.com .
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page .
Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if it is authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) .
In these circumstances , DX will only retain Your Data while that situation is current and will then destroy Your Data .
DX undertakes to provide you with access to Your Data , subject to only such conditions and processes as are reasonable in the circumstances .
In particular , DX undertakes to enable access :  
Conveniently Without unreasonable delay Without cost DX undertakes to establish and operate identity authentication protections for access to Your Data that are appropriate to its sensitivity , but practical .
This may involve some inconvenience ; for example , relatively straightforward procedures may be involved in order to provide you with access through a channel that you have previously registered with DX ( such as a particular email-address ) , but may impose more onerous procedures if you wish to use some other channel .
In the event that you dispute some aspect of Your Data , DX undertakes to take reasonable steps in relation to the amendment , supplementation or deletion of Your Data .
You undertake :  Not to seek access for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently ;  To accept that deletion of some data may not be consistent with the provision of particular services by DX to you .
DX undertakes to make information available to you about the manner in which DX handles your data : In general terms , in a readily accessible manner In more specific terms , on request Where Your Data is disclosed to a contractor , DX undertakes to make information available to you on request about the manner in which DX 's contractors handle your data .
DX undertakes to ensure that the information provided is meaningful and addresses your concerns .
You undertake :  Not to seek such information for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently To accept that the disclosure of excessive detail may harm the security of Your Data and DX 's business processes , and may harm DX 's commercial interests .
If you have enquiries , general concerns , or complaints about these Terms , or about DX 's behavior in relation to these Terms , you undertake : To communicate them in the first instance :
To DX only In sufficient detail Through a channel made available by DX for that purpose DX undertakes : To provide one or more channels for communications to DX , which are convenient to users To promptly provide acknowledgement of the receipt of communications , including the provision of a copy of the communication , the date and time it was registered , and DX 's reference-code for the communication ;
To promptly provide a response to the communication , in an appropriate and meaningful manner .
You further undertake to not pursue DX through any Regulator or the media :  Until and unless DX has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to the initial communication ; and While DX and you remain are conducting a meaningful dialogue about the matter .
DX declares that its undertakings in these Terms are intended to create legal obligations , and that those obligations are intended to be enforceable under appropriate laws in appropriate jurisdictions .
These include laws relating to data protection , privacy , fair trading , corporations and criminal laws .
You undertake to seek enforcement only in a jurisdiction that is relevant to the transactions that have taken place between You and DX , in particular the jurisdiction in which you live or in which you performed the relevant acts , and the jurisdiction in which DX is domiciled or performed the relevant acts .
If you wish to discover the relevant laws in any particular jurisdiction , DX draws your attention to the following resources :  World LII Privacy Links Compilation of [ U.S. ]  State and Federal Privacy Laws , Privacy Journal , Providence RI Privacy Law Sourcebook 2004 , EPIC , Washington DC the Australian Privacy Foundation 's pages :  International Instruments Relating to Privacy Law Privacy Laws of Countries of the World Privacy Laws of the Commonwealth of Australia Privacy Laws of the States and Territories of Australia
Privacy International DX undertakes : Not to materially change these Terms in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ; To take all possible steps to prevent any company that acquires this company or any of its relevant assets from materially changing the Terms applicable to Your Data in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ; Where it is considering making changes to these Terms , or creating more specific Terms relating to specific services , to consult with appropriate representative and advocacy organizations ; Where it makes changes to these Terms , to ensure that the differences between successive versions are readily accessible ; To maintain all prior versions of these Terms in such a manner that they are dated , and readily accessible .
Your Data means data that is capable of being associated with you , whether or not it includes an explicit identifier such as your name or customer number .
In particular , it encompasses all data that DX is capable of correlating with you , using such means as server-logs and cookie-contents .
Your Data does not refer to data that can no longer be associated with you .
This includes aggregated data that does not and can not identify the individuals whose data are included in the aggregation .
Consent means your concurrence with an action to be taken by DX .
Consent may be express or implicit , but in either case must be informed and freely-given .
J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc .
Privacy Policy ( rev . 08/22/12 )
The following Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices for jcp retail stores and jcp.com See " Changes To This Policy " for a description of the most recent revisions .
at jcpenney your privacy is a priority
We value the trust you place in jcpenney .
Accordingly , we want you to understand what information we collect about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it .
table of contents the information we collect using the information we collect information we share with others safeguarding the Information we collect your choices regarding the use of information we collect postal mail emails mobile marketing sharing with other companies notice to California residents your California privacy rights updating your jcpenney contact information your jcpenney credit card account online security unauthorized charges our use of cookies and web beacons aggregate children 's privacy links to other sites international customer privacy changes to this policy Whenever you shop in our stores , or at jcp.com , we obtain from you the information we need to complete your transaction .
This information may include your name , address , telephone number , driver 's license number , birth date , and email address .
If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check , it will include your account number .
If you register with jcp.com or sign up to receive mobile or email updates from jcpenney , we will collect the information you submit .
If you choose to use or participate in one of our various services , promotions , programs , surveys , sweepstakes or clubs , we may collect additional information about you .
From your transactions and other interactions with us , we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use .
We may also obtain information about other people from you .
For example , if you order a gift to be delivered directly to a friend , you would need to give us the friend 's name and address .
We receive information from other companies .
For example , if you have a jcpenney credit card , we receive application and account information from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , the company that owns and administers jcpenney credit accounts ( see the " your jcpenney credit account " section of this policy for additional information ) .
We also collect consumer information from third-party providers in order to improve the accuracy of our customer database or increase our understanding of our customers .
For example , we get updated addresses from the National Change of Address ( NCOA ) service , licensed by the U.S. Postal Service , to assist us in having the correct addresses for our customers .
We work with certain websites to present advertising to known groups of our customers when they visit those websites .
This practice , referred to as " data matching " is facilitated by a third-party service provider for jcpenney and the advertising website .
This practice avoids direct sharing of any personal data with the advertising website .
Data received back through this process is used to analyze the effectiveness of such advertising to groups of customers .
We use the information we collect for various purposes , including : completing your purchase transactions providing the services you request contacting you about the status of your store or jcp.com orders responding to your customer service inquiries or requests notifying you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased helping to protect against fraudulent use of your personal information sending you direct mail offerings sending you email communications administering customer recognition programs , sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions identifying your product and service preferences , so that you can be informed of new or additional products , services , and promotions that might be of interest to you providing mobile marketing and service messages when requested inviting you to participate in surveys improving merchandise selections , customer service , and the overall customer shopping experience jcp family : We share information we collect with affiliated companies and licensees ( like the optical and photography departments in jcpenney retail stores ) within the jcp family of businesses .
We provide information to other companies that provide support services that help us bring you the products and services we offer , market our products and services , or process your transactions .
For instance we share information with our international fulfillment service provider , FiftyOne , for the purpose of facilitating the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally .
We also provide information to GECRB and other service providers in connection with the jcpenney credit programs .
third-party offers :
We provide information to responsible outside companies .
These carefully selected companies may use the information we share to let you know about their products or services , which may include providing special offers to you .
promotion sponsors : If you enter a contest , sweepstakes or other promotion sponsored or co-sponsored by a third-party company , we may forward information about you to that company .
On rare occasions , we may be required to disclose the information we collect pursuant to lawful requests , such as subpoenas or court orders , or in compliance with applicable laws .
We may also disclose that information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to protect the rights , interests and property of jcpenney or others , and to protect the safety of customers , associates or others .
This may include sharing information with other companies , attorneys , credit bureaus , agents or governmental agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection .
Also , if the ownership of all or part of a business within the jcp family were to change , information about customers pertinent to that business 's operations would likely be transferred to , or licensed for use by , the new owner .
The applicable member of the jcp family might also retain a copy of that information .
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , protecting your personal information is important to us .
We have appropriate physical , technical and procedural safeguards in place to secure the personal information we collect from you .
We limit the information we provide to outside companies to only information we believe is appropriate to enable them to carry out their responsibilities under our contracts or to offer you their products and services .
We contractually require that they have appropriate information security safeguards , and that the information provided be used only for the specifically authorized purpose .
If you do not want to receive promotional mail ( postcards , etc. )  from jcpenney
, you may : write to us at J.C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX.
75301-7311 , Attention :
Corporate Customer Relations call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @
jcpenneyeservices.com emails If you are currently receiving promotional email offers and updates from jcpenney , you may unsubscribe at any time .
You can click on the hyperlink shown in jcp.com email offers and follow the instructions .
If you have registered on jcp.com , you can cancel your email subscription by accessing jcp.com , then :
Click on my account Log in Click on email + mobile preferences Check no to " Would you like to receive email offers ?
You may also write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention :
Corporate Customer Relations , call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email offers and updates , we may still contact you by email for transactional purposes .
Some examples are communications regarding your order status , jcp rewards if you are a member , customer service inquiries , service or reminder notices , and recalls .
If you are currently receiving marketing text messages from jcpenney , you may tell us to stop sending them by using the opt-out functionality contained in the next marketing text message you receive .
After we receive your opt-out , we will send you a final text message to confirm the opt-out .
If you prefer that we : NOT share information about you with any of the companies outside the jcp family that we have authorized to contact you regarding their products or services , or NOT share your jcpenney credit account history information with affiliated companies within the jcp family Please let us know by : writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention :
Corporate Customer Relations , calling us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @
jcpenneyeservices.com Under California law , a California resident with whom jcpenney has an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information jcpenney has shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , and the identities of those third parties , within the immediately preceding calendar year , subject to certain exceptions .
All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to : J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301 .
This same California law permits jcpenney to provide you , in response to your written request , with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information .
You may exercise that choice by any of the means described under sharing with other companies .
You can update or correct your name , address , telephone number , or email address by : writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention :
Corporate Customer Relations calling us at 1.800.322.1189 or emailing us at privacy @
If you have an account under one of the JCPenney Credit programs from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , a separate privacy policy applies to each program .
The privacy policy describes GECRB 's collection , use , and protection of information about you and your JCPenney Credit account .
To obtain GECRB 's privacy policy for your JCPenney Credit account , you may :  click here to view GECRB 's privacy policies in connection with JCPenney Credit programs write to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O .
Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 , or , call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )  
You can update or correct your name , address , or telephone number for your JCPenney Credit account , or check the status of your account by :  click here to access your jcpenney credit account information on-line writing to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O .
Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , US Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )  online security Secure Socket Layering ( SSL ) technology is used to encrypt your credit or debit card information , including the account number , while it is transmitted over the Internet from your computer .
SSL is an industry standard technology for secure online transactions .
If unauthorized charges ( as determined by your card issuer ) are made on your credit or debit card as a result of purchases made on jcp.com utilizing our secure servers , jcpenney will reimburse you for up to $ 50 of any amounts
you are required to pay by the card issuer .
Also , under the Fair Credit Billing Act , your credit card provider can not hold you liable for more than $ 50 of unauthorized charges on a credit card .
Your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher , but many debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $ 50 limit to their cards as well .
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit or debit card , you must promptly notify the card issuer pursuant to its reporting rules and procedures .
We or our service providers use " cookies " to collect and analyze information about your browsing and buying activity on our site .
A cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer .
When you arrive at jcp.com , cookies allow us to recognize you by an identification number in the cookie with the information that you as a customer have provided us .
If you register with us at jcp.com , your e-mail address is saved in your cookie .
We do not store your name ( unless it is part of your email address ) , street address or credit card number in your cookie .
Cookies allow us and our service providers to understand how you clicked to our site and what pages you click on during your visit to our site .
Knowing how you prefer to shop allows us to improve your shopping experience and speed your checkout process .
Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice .
If you use the privacy settings on your web browser to disable cookies , you can still browse jcp.com , but you may not have as exceptional a shopping experience as one that is specifically tailored to your needs .
However , if you block cookies you will not be able to make a purchase on jcp.com .
A web beacon ( also called a pixel tag or a clear gif ) is a tiny graphic image placed on web site pages or in our emails that allows us to determine whether you have performed specific actions .
When you access those pages or open email messages , the web beacons generate a notice of that action to us , or our service providers .
We use that information to analyze what our visitors like to do on our site and the effectiveness of our features and advertising , as well as interactions with our e-mail advertising .
jcpenney uses service providers to assist in the collection and analysis of this information .
The service providers that assist us with our e-mail advertising may access your e-mail address through these web beacons in connection with the services they perform for us .
For example , they may look to see if you received an email message from us prior to making a purchase on jcp.com .
Our contracts with our service providers require them to limit their use of such information to the purposes authorized by us .
coremetrics Coremetrics furnishes services to jcpenney that assist in the collection and analysis of your browsing and buying activity on jcp.com .
To perform some of these analytical services , Coremetrics collects information from a cookie placed by jcp.com .
You may choose to opt-out from this data collection .
Your choices with respect to this data collection are set forth below .
The Anonymous Visitor setting will apply to you unless you choose to opt-out .
anonymous visitor setting allows Coremetrics to anonymously capture your basic site actions and to include the data in Coremetrics reporting .
All actions are grouped within metrics for all other anonymous visitors .
Anonymous visitors , click here .
total opt-out .
Your data is not collected by Coremetrics data collection front-end servers , and consequently is not included in Coremetrics reporting .
To opt-out , click here .
cancel opt-out setting will again allow Coremetrics to capture all web actions , and includes the data collected in Coremetrics reporting .
To cancel opt-out , click here .
Click here to view your current coremetrics opt-out status other web site analytics services - Google Analytics and Omniture provide services that analyze information regarding visits to certain portions of jcp.com that are operated for us by third parties , such as our Sports Fan Shop , Bali , and Levelor blinds and shades , and personalized jewelry pages .
They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information .
To learn more about Google Analytics ' privacy practices or to opt out of having information about your site visit sent to Google Analytics , click here .
To learn more about Omniture 's privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting by Omniture , click here .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements ( e.g. banners or links ) on our behalf on other web sites , and to perform tracking and reporting functions for jcpenney with respect to our advertisements .
These advertising companies use information about your visits to jcp.com and the web sites upon which we advertise to serve our advertising to you , including advertising targeted to your interests .
In the course of serving our advertisements to you , a unique third-party cookie may be placed on or recognized by your browser .
In addition , we may use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage our online advertising .
These web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits our site and to learn which advertising brings visitors to jcp.com .
To learn more about these third party advertising practices , cookies , and how to opt-out of online behavioral advertising programs run by members of the Network Advertising Initiative , please go to http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from jcpenney , however , this advertising may not be as relevant to you .
We collect non-personal information about how users navigate through our web site .
We aggregate this information in order to improve our site , and we may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies .
This aggregated information does not include individual names or personal data , so it does not identify you or any other customer .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on our web site .
While visiting jcp.com , you may link to other web sites .
Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy .
When you provide personal information at one of those sites , you are subject to the site operator 's privacy policy , not the jcpenney privacy policy .
We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information .
jcpenney has contracted with Borderfree , Inc .
( Borderfree ) to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally ( an international order ) .
When you place an international order , you will submit personal information ( e.g. your name , email address , billing address , and shipping address ) and other order-related information to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States .
If you also choose to create a jcp.com account , any personal information you provide will also be transferred to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States .
Please note that United States law may not provide a level of data protection equivalent to the laws in your home country .
This privacy policy applies to any personal information you furnish jcpenney in connection with international orders , your jcp.com account or otherwise .
jcp will then share your international order information , including personal information about you , with Borderfree for the purpose of facilitating ordering and shipping internationally .
Borderfree will process personal information about you in accordance with its privacy policy .
Borderfree has agreed not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international orders and shipments .
By placing an international order , you acknowledge and agree that jcp will transfer personal information about you to Borderfree , and acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree .
During the checkout process , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions and privacy policy .
You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once your order is approved , jcpenney will ship it to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product ( s ) you ordered from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities and arrange for the product ( s ) to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
Customers shipping internationally who wish to :  Inquire about or update their personal information , Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information , or Comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy , should email us at privacy @
This policy was last updated August 22 , 2012
Updated the instructions for opting out of mobile marketing messages Added information with respect to " international customer privacy " We may change our privacy policy from time to time .
When considering any change , your privacy will remain a priority .
If we change our privacy policy in the future , we will let you know by posting the updated policy at this website .
We encourage you to check our policy periodically .
You can tell if it has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the beginning of the policy .
If you would like further information , or have any questions about our privacy policy :  please write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX.
75301-7311 , Attention :
Corporate Customer Relations call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @
By visiting the TigerDirect.com website or any other websites operated by TigerDirect.com or its affiliates ( collectively , the " Site " ) , you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice , please do not use the Site .
Each time you use the Site , you should check the date of this Privacy Notice ( which appears above ) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site .
Throughout TigerDirect.com 's years of operation , we have developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity .
We 're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Site and provide us with information .
This Privacy Notice is posted to demonstrate our leadership in online security and customer service practices .
We treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company 's history .
TigerDirect.com uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to personalize and improve your visit and shopping experience at the Site .
We gather the following types of information :  Information You Give to Us : We Collect Personal Information that is provided by Site users .
" Personal Information " includes your name , address , telephone number , credit or debit card information , e-mail address , date of birth , IP address and the last four digits of your Social Security number .
Personal Information is collected when you establish an account with us , place an order on the Site , participate in a contest , sweepstakes or on-line survey , or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service , sales or technical services through the Site , telephone , mail or fax .
In some instances , we may obtain other people 's names and email addresses that you may choose to provide as part of our " email a friend " feature .
We ( or service providers on our behalf ) may collect information from visits to the Site through the use of " Web Beacons. "  
Web Beacons are web page elements which may employ cookie technology that enable us to record data about visits to or transactions made on the Site .
This information is sometimes known as " clickstream data. "  
We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience or our customer service .
No Personal Information is collected through the use of Web Beacons on the Site .
Through the use of cookies , we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version ; operating system and platform ; purchase history ; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you ; and the URLs which lead you to and around the Site including the date and time .
You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie .
Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit the Site without providing this information .
You are welcome to use the Site if you use such software
but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you .
Orders : If you place an order through the Site , you will be required to provide contact , billing , and payment information .
Catalog Email Newsletter Subscriptions : Upon placing an order through the Site , you will automatically begin receiving both the TigerDirect.com catalog and the TigerDirect.com email newsletter , based on the Personal Information you have provided , unless you opt-out of receiving such communications .
If you request an email newsletter subscription , we will send you an email confirming your request .
This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you change your mind and decide not to join the list .
Furthermore , the confirmation email will alert you if someone else has entered your email address into our email newsletter subscription list .
In order to make our email newsletters more relevant and useful to you , our servers may receive a confirmation when you open an email message from TigerDirect.com .
From time to time , we may run sweepstakes .
If you enter a sweepstakes sponsored by us , you will opt-in to receive email or other communications from us and our affiliated partners .
You may subsequently opt-out of the receipt of such email or communications by following the directions in the email or contacting that site .
Your opt-out status will not affect your participation or chances to win in the sweepstakes .
During the applicable sweepstakes period , however , you may nevertheless receive emails which we deem are related to the sweepstakes and related programs .
We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site , to provide services to you and to communicate with you about information that you request .
We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you , to help us develop and improve our Site , and to tailor our Site to your interests .
We will not rent , sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent , except as stated in this Privacy Notice .
We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to or on behalf of us such as analyzing customer lists and data , or performing marketing or consulting services .
These third parties ( " Service Providers " ) will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your Personal Information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use on the Site .
Such Service Providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than that for which such party was engaged by us and/or as stated in this Privacy Notice .
Any Service Providers that use data received from us may only do so in accordance with this Privacy Notice .
Credit Card Companies : If you place an order through the Site , the Personal Information you provide is transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase .
At certain times we may offer financing options with or without third party participation .
If you use a financing option , information provided by you ( such as your address , birth date , social security number , and credit card number ) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing .
Third Party Marketing Partners :
From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other third parties whom we believe are trustworthy .
In such cases we might license , exchange , share and/or cross-reference information , including your name and postal mailing address that will enable such third parties to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you .
We will never share any telephone number ( s ) , e-mail addresses , or credit card information which you have given us with any such third party partner ( s ) .
Related Companies : We may share your postal and e-mail address , telephone number ( s ) , customer preferences , and purchase history with other subsidiaries of our parent company , Systemax Inc .
We will never share any credit card information which you have given to us with any of these related companies .
Aggregate Information : We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners .
This information is used in a collective manner and does not identify you individually in any way .
We collect and share aggregate information in order to know more about the general profile of our customers so that we can improve your shopping experience .
If you make a purchase through the Site , your name , telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS , FEDEX and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase .
There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers .
These drop-shippers are only given your name , postal address , and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order .
Third Party Transaction-Level Data :
If you visit the Site from a third-party website the third-party website may be able to access select information from your individual transaction information .
In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party website may give you a unique code , cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you .
This will only happen if you link directly from a third party website to the Site .
Any transactions made at the Site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party website .
We will only report non-Personal Information to these websites such as the date of the transaction , the product ( s ) purchased and the amount spent .
We will not report any information to these third party websites that will allow them to personally identify you .
The presence of a third party navigation bar at the top of any page on the Site is an indication that the third party website may be able to see your activity on the Site .
Links to Third Party Site :
The Site contains certain links to third party websites , such as our vendors ' websites and links to other websites intended to facilitate our customers ' shopping experience , such as Google Translate .
We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these websites .
We recommend that you check the privacy notice of each website you visit .
Links to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience and any submission of data to such websites shall be at your sole risk .
Law Enforcement and Protection of Users : To the extent permitted by law , we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request , subpoena or other legal process .
We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications , report or collect debts owed , fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates , customers , or its users .
You should be aware that , following disclosure to any third party , your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law .
We maintain relationships with third party affiliate websites .
Although we do not and can not control the activities of the third parties that operate such websites , we will cease doing business with any affiliate that engages in abusive practices , including , for example , spam , trademark infringement , predatory means of attracting visitors , or unlawful activities .
To report abuse by an affiliate , please contact our Affiliate Manager via email at affiliates @
The Site is a general audience website and is not directed to children under the age of 13 .
We will never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not provide us with personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever .
If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has submitted Personal Information without verifiable parental consent , we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files .
We understand that children may not fully understand all of the provisions of this Privacy Notice or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit .
TigerDirect.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18 .
If you are under the age of 18 , you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from the Site .
We employ 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the Site which require you to provide your personal or account information , including those areas related to online ordering , order status , and contest forms .
The Site utilizes industry-standard firewalls and Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive Personal Information , such as your name , address and credit card number .
You should recognize , however , that no computer system is fully secure and that there are inherent risks associated with Internet transactions .
To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser , you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser , which should have full SSL support .
If your name , e-mail or postal address , telephone number or other Personal Information changes , you may update , correct or omit the relevant information by contacting us at privacy @
In addition , if you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by emailing us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com , sending a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 or by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us .
If you no longer wish to receive our catalog , you may call us at 800-800-8300 , email us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com or send a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 .
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , please e-mail us at privacy @
TigerDirect.com or send a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 .
TigerDirect.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Systemax , Inc. , a Fortune 1000 Company ( NYSE symbol SYX ) .
However , in the event that TigerDirect.com is sold , has its assets acquired or transferred , whether voluntarily or involuntarily , or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division , individual or entity , any customer information owned or under the control of TigerDirect.com may be one of the transferred assets .
We reserve the right , as part of such transaction , to transfer or assign the Personal Information and aggregate information we have collected from users of the Site .
IN NO EVENT WILL TigerDirect.com OR ITS PARENT , AFFILIATES , LICENSEES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING , PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , INDIRECT , SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS , USE OR INABILITY
TO USE THE SITE , OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE , ERROR , OMISSION , INTERRUPTION , DEFECT , DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION , COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE ( INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS , LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA , BUSINESS INTERRUPTION , AND DAMAGES
THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE , DELAY , OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE ) .
WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT , TORT , NEGLIGENCE , STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS , EVEN IF TigerDirect.com OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
Last Updated : October 25 , 2013 Shutterfly , Inc. and our family of brands take your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Our Online Privacy and Security is organized as follows :
Cookies and Similar Technologies 3 .
Authorized Third Parties 4 .
Use of Information 5 .
Information Sharing With Third Parties 6 .
Children 's Information 8 .
Access to Your Account Information and Preferences 9 .
Confidentiality and Security 10 .
Third Party Sites 11 .
Your California Privacy Rights 12 .
Class Action Waiver 13 .
Questions and Suggestions 14 .
We collect personal information when you register with any of our family of brands via our websites , mobile sites or mobile applications ( collectively , our " Sites and Apps " ) and when you use any of our products or services .
Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable , such as your name , address , email address or phone number , Facebook Connect sign-in information ( if applicable ) , and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available .
In addition , if you send email invitations to friends and family to allow them to view your pictures or saved projects , or if you invite them to participate in Shutterfly Share Sites , those email addresses are personal information .
Also , your account includes an address book , which you can use to store email addresses of friends and family , and those emails are personal information .
We or our third party service providers may also collect information relating to your devices , including your device model , operating system , browser type , unique device identifier , IP address , mobile phone number , mobile network carrier , location , and event information ( such as application installations ) .
If you order products or pay for services , we will need your shipping address , billing name and address , as well as your credit card number and expiration date .
If you tag yourself , friends , or family in pictures , we may use facial recognition technology to help you tag and organize your pictures .
We use cookies , pixel tags , and/or other similar technologies to collect visitor information .
Cookies , for example , are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser .
They make it possible for us to store the contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check out , recognize your browser when you visit and provide you with information about products that interest you .
By doing this , we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout .
It is possible to prevent cookies from being used in your browser by turning the feature off , but in order to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user , your browser must be set to accept cookies .
We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Sites and Apps .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and other sites and mobile applications to target ads for products and services .
For instance , they may collect web log data from you ( such as IP address and information about your browser or operating system ) or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads .
Through this process , demographic or other interest data may be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally identifiable manner .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
They do not know the name , address , email address , phone number or any personally identifiable information about the user .
The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) allows for the central opting out of all of its members ' cookies from a single opt-out page .
If you prefer not to receive relevant advertising on web pages , please click on the following link : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
If you delete your cookies , use a different browser or buy a new computer , you will need to renew your opt-out choice .
We also work with third party service providers to monitor certain pages of our Sites and Apps for such purposes as reporting traffic and other advertising statistics .
Where authorized by us , these third party providers may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors .
No personally identifiable information is transferred to these third party service providers .
We use your information for the following general purposes : to fulfill your requests for products and services , administrative purposes , to improve our services , to customize the advertising and content you see , to contact you , and for internal business purposes .
We use third party information you provide to us solely to provide services you specifically request .
For example , sharing your pictures electronically is one of the key benefits we offer .
You are able to send an email invitation to your selected recipients , and then to allow them to view , save , or purchase products from your pictures .
This email invitation contains a link created specifically for your pictures .
The email also may include information about special promotional offers from our family of brands and/or carefully-screened third parties .
Another example of how we use third party information you provide to us is Shutterfly Share Sites .
If you create a special site through Shutterfly Share Sites to share your pictures , you may invite recipients to participate in that site .
In addition to the email invitation , these recipients will receive notifications in the form of email digests as changes are made to the site ( e.g. , when new content is added ) .
As the creator of the site , you can determine the frequency of these email digests .
In addition , any recipient who is a Shutterfly member can change how often he or she wishes to receive these digests through his or her account preferences .
If you use one of our referral programs to refer any of our family of brands to your friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your invitation .
If you send Treat Digital Cards to friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your cards .
Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter through email invitations , Shutterfly Share Sites , our referrals programs , Treat Digital Cards , or the address books of any of our Sites and Apps to send any type of direct marketing to your friends and family .
( Of course , if a friend or family member signs up with any of our family of brands or we receive their email address from another unrelated source , we may communicate with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy. )  
Your accounts may also contain a calendar where you can store birthdays , anniversaries , and other key dates and details about friends and family .
You can use this information to help keep in touch with friends and family on important dates .
We may send you email reminders of the personalized dates you have entered in this calendar .
Reminder information is highly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties .
When you add personal messages to your products , an order-processing representative may view your message .
However , third parties are not allowed to view or use this information .
We use anonymous information , such as that pertaining to web or mobile pages you have viewed , in order to analyze trends , track user 's movements , provide a better user experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We do not use this data in a manner that would identify you personally .
See " Authorized Third Parties. "  
From time to time we share the personal information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of us .
We may share personal information within our family of brands .
We may also combine personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our partners .
These companies may use your personal information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us , to communicate with you about products and events that may be of interest to you and for other promotional purposes .
Information sharing allows us to introduce new resources based on your interests and needs .
With that in mind , when you purchase an item , your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful and those select companies will handle , store , retain , use , share and access personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies , and we disclaim any and all liability relating thereto .
Every now and then , we will invite customers to take part in surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes .
The information we collect from these surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes may be matched with individual customer accounts and used by our family of brands to improve your overall customer experience , and may be shared with select third parties If you log in through Facebook Connect , information you provide to us may be shared with Facebook .
We understand and respect that not all customers may want to allow us to share their information with other select companies .
If you do not want us to share your information , please contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands , and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies as soon as reasonably practicable .
When contacting us , please clearly state your request , including your name , mailing address , email address and phone number .
However , under the following circumstances , we may still be required to share your personal information :  If we respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process , or if we need to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
If we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law .
If we believe it is necessary to restrict or inhibit any user from using any of our Sites and Apps , including , without limitation , by means of " hacking " or defacing any portion thereof .
Our Sites and Apps are not intended for children , and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children .
If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 , we will remove their personally identifiable information from our files .
You have the right and ability to edit your member account information on our Sites and Apps at any time .
You can opt in or out of receiving future communications from us about special offers and new product information , you can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages you receive , or you can change your marketing preferences by contacting us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
We do reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide , such as service announcements and administrative messages .
We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications .
We use a secure server ( SSL ) to encrypt your personal financial information .
We use other physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we have collected , and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information .
Our Sites and Apps may contain links to other sites for news and other information .
Our Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and Apps , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites which are linked to or integrated with our Sites and Apps .
You should check the privacy policies of those sites before providing your personal information to them .
See our Terms of Use for additional information .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as S.B. 27 , allows individual customers who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Such requests must be submitted to us in one of the following ways : send a letter to Legal , Shutterfly , 2800 Bridge Parkway Redwood City , CA 94065 or through the various ways of contact described in the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
Within thirty days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year , along with the names and addresses of those third parties .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted in ways other than those specified above .
ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS , WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT , WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND
NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION
OR AS A NAMED OR UNNAMED MEMBER IN A CLASS , CONSOLIDATED , REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL LEGAL ACTION .
YOUR ACCESS AND CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF OUR SITES AND APPS SIGNIFIES YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THIS WAIVER .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting updates on this page .
Please check back periodically to view any updates .
This NIKE Digital Privacy Policy ( USA ) ( " Privacy Policy " ) describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means .
By accessing or using this website , mobile application or other NIKE product or service on any computer , mobile phone , tablet , console or other device ( collectively , " Device " ) , you consent to our Privacy Policy .
NIKE may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting .
Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into , and is subject to , the Terms of Use .
While this Privacy Policy is intended to generally describe our privacy practices , our goal is to also provide more detailed information at times when it 's most meaningful to you .
Please look for these notices within our NIKE services .
We collect information you give us or permit us to access .
Information may include , but is not limited to , your name , image , birth date , email and physical address , telephone number , gender , contact lists , social media information and profile , location ( GPS ) information , activity and performance information , and when necessary , credit card information .
What We Collect From You
We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with , and use of , our products and services .
Information we may collect includes , but is not limited to , your telephone number , Device identifier and hardware information , IP address , browser type and language , cookie information , system type , whether you have enabling software to access certain features , access times , referring website URLs , information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us .
What We Collect From other NIKE Interactions and Third Parties We may combine information you give us with other information from NIKE sources , transactions and communications .
This may include , but is not limited to , information from NIKE stores , direct mail , catalogs , events , products and applications , or other NIKE interactions .
We may also combine that information with data that is publicly available and data from third parties .
We also collect information about gift recipients provided by the giver .
Children 's Privacy We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 .
We may use your information to do the following :
Enable Your Use Enhance , customize and personalize your NIKE experiences and communications
Use NIKE features , such as running routes , race registrations , placing an order and other activities Operate , Improve and Analyze Operate , provide , improve and maintain NIKE 's products and services , including analyzing user behavior and trends Send you administrative messages and other information about NIKE .
Communicate with you about your purchase , account information or customer service Provide and Conduct Marketing and Promotions Communicate with you about our products , services and events , and for other promotional purposes Administer contests , promotions , events , surveys or other features
Display relevant marketing to you
We may provide your information to NIKE , Inc. companies and affiliates , including Converse and Hurley ( " NIKE Family " ) , some of which may be outside the U.S .
We may transfer your information to NIKE Family service providers to conduct our business .
For example , they may handle credit card processing , shipping , data management , email distribution , market research , information analysis , and promotions management .
We may also share your information to administer features ( e.g. music download , race registration , or workout routine ) .
By Law or to Protect Rights We may disclose information upon governmental request , in response to a court order , when required by law , to enforce our policies , or to protect our or others ' rights , property or safety .
We may share information to prevent illegal uses of NIKE 's products and services or violations of the Terms of Use , or to defend ourselves against third-party claims .
We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation .
Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of NIKE .
If this should happen , notice will be provided by posting to the website or other form of communication .
Default Sharing When you join or use certain services , you agree to publicly share a basic amount of information , which may include your username , city location , and profile picture .
You may choose to share certain information .
In order to participate in certain features , you may have to adjust your privacy settings and share more information .
You may also choose to share your activity on other platforms , such as Facebook and Twitter .
Please read the privacy policies of those platforms , because your NIKE activity published on those platforms will no longer be governed by NIKE 's Privacy Policy .
Nike Sharing Information that is publicly shared may be used by Nike for promotional purposes .
Protecting Information Security Measures We use a variety of security measures , including encryption and authentication tools , to help protect your information .
We use secure servers when you place orders .
All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted within our databases .
However , like other companies , NIKE can not guarantee 100 % the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us .
How We Collect Information NIKE automatically collects information within our products and services or stored by your browser or Device .
We use a variety of methods to collect this information , including , but not limited to , cookies and pixel tags/web beacons ( " Collection Tools " ) .
If you turn off certain Collection Tools , you may not have access to many features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services and features may not function properly .
However , you can still place product orders over the telephone by contacting our customer service number at 1-800-806-6453 .
We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet .
These companies may collect information about your interaction with us , including advertising .
If you would like to opt-out of 3rd party tracking technologies associated with our website , please click here .
Note that if you opt-out from these third party tracking technologies , you may still see our ads at other websites , but the ads will not be tailored using third party tracking technologies associated with our website .
Your Information You can modify or delete your profile within certain NIKE services , through your account .
Your information previously posted may still be publicly viewable .
NIKE may keep information and content in our backup files and archives .
Communication/Unsubscribe/Opt-Out
Regardless of the settings you select , NIKE may send you service-related communications .
To unsubscribe and stop receiving messages , please change your settings or follow the instructions in the email , text message , notification or other message type .
If you have unsubscribed from any NIKE communications , due to production schedules , you may receive communications already in production .
Our digital operations are conducted , in whole or in part , in the United States .
Regardless of where you live , you consent to have your personal data transferred , processed and stored in the United States , and allow NIKE to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your use of our products and services , and any disputes arising from them , is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use .
Please visit our Terms of Use , which explains other terms governing the use of our products and services .
For questions or concerns , please contact Consumer Services/Privacy at : 1-800-806-6453 or NIKE Consumer Services/Privacy , One Bowerman Drive , Beaverton , OR 97005 .
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears .
This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline .
This includes on our websites or in our apps .
It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us .
If you live in Canada , please read our Canadian Privacy Policy .
For example , we might collect your name and street address .
We might also collect your phone number or email .
Payment and billing information .
For example , we collect your credit card number and zip code when you buy a ticket .
For example , we collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site .
We may collect information about events you like or products you buy .
We might collect this as part of a survey , for example .
If you use our website , we may collect information about the browser you 're using .
We might look at what site you came from , or what site you visit when you leave us .
If you use our mobile app , we may collect your GPS location or your device 's unique identifier .
We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using , or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running .
We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it .
We collect information directly from you .
For example , if you register for a promotion or buy tickets .
We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question .
We collect information from you passively .
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons .
To learn more about these tools and to control them , please click here .
We get information about you from third parties .
For example , if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications .
The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you .
This could include your name and email address .
Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms .
We use information to respond to your requests or questions .
For example , we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest .
If you give us your friend 's information , we will only use it to provide services you requested .
We use information to improve our products and services .
We might use your information to customize your experience with us .
This could include displaying content based upon your preferences .
We use information to look at site trends and customer interests .
We may use your information to make our website and products better .
We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties .
We use information for security purposes .
We may use information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites .
We use information for marketing purposes .
For example , we might send you information about special promotions or offers .
We might also tell you about new features or products .
These might be our own offers or products , or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting .
Or , for example , if you buy tickets from us we 'll enroll you in our newsletter .
We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events .
To learn about your choices for these communications , read the choices section below .
We use information to send you transactional communications .
For example , we might send you emails about your account or a ticket purchase .
We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms .
We use information as otherwise permitted by law .
We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies .
This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues , for example .
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf .
For example , we share information with vendors who help us manage our online registration process or who fulfill your purchases .
Some vendors may be located outside of the United States .
We will share information with our business partners .
This includes a third party who provides or sponsors an event , or who operates a venue where we hold events .
Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies .
You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information .
We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves .
For example , we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena .
We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests .
Or , we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud .
This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion .
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business .
For example , if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction .
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy .
We will tell you before we do this .
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails .
To stop receiving our promotional emails , click here or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us .
Your device settings should provide you with instructions on how to turn off push notifications .
It may take about ten days to process your request .
Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages , we will still be sure to send you transactional messages .
For example , we may still contact you about your orders .
You can modify information you have given us .
To correct or delete information or update account settings , log into your account and follow the instructions .
We make changes as soon as we can .
This information may stay in our backup files .
If we can not make the changes you want , we will let you know and explain why .
If you contact us requesting access to your information , we will respond within 30 days .
You can control cookies and tracking tools .
To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here .
You can control tools on your mobile devices .
For example , you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone .
Each push notification has an " unsubscribe " link .
If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information .
You can make a request one time each year .
To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below .
Mention in your letter that you are making a " California Shine the Light " inquiry .
We will respond within 30 days .
Our sites and apps are meant for adults .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information , you can email us here .
You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy .
Please mark your inquiries " COPPA Information Request. "  
Parents , you can also learn more about how to protect children 's privacy online here .
We have security measures in place to protect your information .
The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected .
However , the Internet is not 100 % secure .
We can not promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe .
We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet .
This includes not sharing your passwords .
If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name , contact us at the address below .
TRUSTe has awarded Live Nation the TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal .
This means TRUSTe independently reviewed this Policy and the practices on Live Nation and Ticketmaster sites and apps to make sure they meet TRUSTE 's requirements .
The seal applies to our practices for information collected on U.S. , UK , Ireland sites and apps .
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business .
We also keep information to resolve disputes , enforce our agreements and as otherwise required by law .
If you live outside of the United States , you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States .
This site is subject to U.S. laws , which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country .
Live Nation complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries .
Live Nation has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Live Nation 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor .
If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control .
This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites .
Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully .
We are not responsible for these third party sites .
If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns , you can email us at privacy @
Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email .
You can also write us at :  Live Nation Entertainment , Inc.
9348 Civic Center Drive Beverly Hills , CA 90210 Attention : Privacy Officer , Legal If you are not satisfied with our response , you can contact TRUSTe here .
From time to time we may change our privacy practices .
We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law .
We will also post an updated copy on our website .
Please check our site periodically for updates .
Updated January 1 , 2013
In connection with a restructuring of our business , we have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect that the Site is operated by Zapppos IP , Inc. ( successor-in-interest to Zappos Development , Inc. ) .
Although the substance of the policy is effectively the same as in the past , there are some changes .
For example , The updated policy no longer refers to the Free Clothing Giveaway as it is not currently offered on our website .
The updated policy now refers to contests and sweepstakes , as we may offer either or both on our website from time to time .
The updated policy allows information to be shared among Zappos.com , Inc. and the affiliates it controls .
These are only a few of the changes to the policy , and this brief summary should not affect your interpretation of it .
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully .
Your continued use of the website constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy .
Last updated : January 1 , 2013 .
To see what has changed , click here .
Thank you for accessing the 6pm.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc .
We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information .
To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information .
This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information .
Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information .
By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy .
This privacy policy applies to the Site .
This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information .
Please see below for details .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site .
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site .
One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience .
For example , we can use your personal information to : help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once .
help you quickly find information , products , and services .
help us create content that is most relevant to you .
alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer .
( a ) Registration and Ordering .
Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form .
During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number .
If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date .
We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files .
In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender .
These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes .
If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you .
( b ) Email Addresses .
Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us .
We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes .
We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners .
By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes .
( c ) Cookies and Other Technology .
Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage .
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site .
We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products .
If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase .
THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .
Our cookies are not spyware .
( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times .
For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon .
We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf .
These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) .
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us .
As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased .
Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us .
( d ) Log Files .
As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site .
We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes .
( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet. )  
( e ) Age .
We respect children 's privacy .
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 .
Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you .
( f ) Product Reviews .
You may choose to submit a product review .
If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location .
If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) .
Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review .
We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information .
( g ) Bizrate Reviews .
Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores .
After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience .
This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback .
Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com , not us , and is governed by their privacy policy , available at http : //shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html .
Information Use and Disclosure .
( a ) Internal Use .
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service .
We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site .
In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control .
( b ) Communications with You :
We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries .
Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us .
We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance. )  
Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you .
We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) .
Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders .
We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection .
We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :  ( i )
As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf .
When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service .
For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information .
We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S. Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party .
In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number .
Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers .
When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( More on this below in Data Security. )  
In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction .
When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law .
We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others .
For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud .
( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business .
However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets .
If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect .
( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners .
This information does not directly personally identify you or any user .
( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners .
The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site .
We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities .
Access to your personal information is restricted .
Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information .
Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware .
We believe that their security procedures are adequate .
For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall .
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security .
100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline .
Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account .
You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http : //www.
6pm.com/customer-service-center , or by telephoning , or emailing your request to 6pm.com 's Customer Loyalty Team 1-888-676-2660 or :  cs @
Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information .
As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information .
We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information .
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions .
When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question .
When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption .
( See the Data Security section above for more information ) .
Another example involves faxes .
If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information .
There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses .
As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices .
If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated .
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy , please contact us at 1-888-676-2660 or cs @
Privacy and cookies notice This privacy notice applies to the use of personal information by British Sky Broadcasting Limited and its group companies .
Any member of the British Sky Broadcasting group may use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information it holds about you for the purposes set out below .
Information you 've provided to us , including on our websites .
Information about our products and services you 've ordered or enquired about .
Information provided by other companies who 've obtained your permission to share information about you .
Information about the channels , programmes , advertisements and services you access , for example how you view , record or fast forward them .
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of Sky
and/or selected third party websites .
For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see the section on cookies .
Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites .
Technical information from your Sky device ( s ) relating to the service you receive , for example , the collection of diagnostic information .
In addition to using your information to provide you with requested products or services and general account management and the management of traffic across our network , we may also use your information in the following ways : To monitor and improve our products , services and websites .
We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions , and for fraud detection and prevention purposes .
If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified , the details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies .
Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information .
We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering , for example when : checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities ; managing credit and credit related accounts and facilities ; recovering debt ; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance ; or checking details of job applications and employees .
We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies .
Please contact us by emailing us at mysky @
bskyb.com if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies .
We may also share your information with other companies for debt recovery purposes .
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements ; to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party ; in the detection and prevention of fraud and other crimes ; and for the purpose of safeguarding national security .
We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this privacy notice .
Unless you 've asked us not to :  To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services .
To send you direct marketing .
This may include communications by post , telephone or email and if you 've a Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas
and/or Sky Bingo account , by SMS , about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including , where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a customer of ours .
To provide you with personalised services , such as providing you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising .
This means that we have your agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you .
To provide you with online behavioural advertising through the use of cookies when you visit our websites .
Marketing You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account .
You can also click on the " unsubscribe " link in direct marketing emails from us .
You can opt out of direct marketing altogether or you can choose between post , telephone and email .
Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and Sky Bingo customers can opt out of marketing SMS messages by replying " STOP "  Personalisation ( including tailored advertising )  
You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account .
Please note that if you opt out of personalisation you will not receive tailored advertising .
This means you will still see the same number of adverts but they will be ones that appear as standard .
If you do not want to receive online behavioural advertising , or do n't want any information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section on cookies .
You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in emails , or via your MySky account .
Any queries or comments about this privacy notice or for requests of copies of the information we hold about you should be sent to dp @ bskyb.com or to Customer Relations , Sky Subscriber Services Ltd , PO Box 43 , Livingston , West Lothian , EH54 7DD , UK .
Please ensure you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by contacting us on 08442 414141 or through MySky .
Privacy Policy Effective October 30 , 2013
This web site or application ( Site ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee .
At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it .
If you have questions or would like further information on this topic , please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com .
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site .
Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy .
You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here : here Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes .
If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law .
Get answers and information about :  
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ?
What Information Do We Share and with Whom ?
Can I Disable Cookies ?
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ?
What About Links to Other Sites ?
Interest-Based Ads - Online Advertisements Is My Information Secure ?
How Can I Access My Information ?
Can I Opt-Out of Receiving Promotional E-mails ?
Where Is My Information Stored ?
How May I Contact You ?
We may collect personally identifiable information ( PII - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site .
We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Site 's other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content .
We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User )
and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Site 's social networking features ; or provide you with other services .
Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts .
We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter .
This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account .
Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) .
Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that site 's own privacy policy .
This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends ' profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed .
We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address .
We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location .
Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies .
We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you .
For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location .
Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site . Non-
PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags .
Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer .
We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click .
This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience .
This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you .
We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy .
The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so .
Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher .
We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information .
We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site .
You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) .
Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site .
In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents .
Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes .
We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities .
There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored .
Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function .
We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations .
If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel .
You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to " information " on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) .
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content .
If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites .
This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act .
This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites .
You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII .
This Site may display ads from other companies .
We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites .
Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity .
For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you .
Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf .
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page .
The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members .
See http : //www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page .
You may also visit http : //www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies .
If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process .
In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII .
While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII .
Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards .
You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member .
By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events .
Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site .
Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature .
From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages .
If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail .
Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc. ) .
Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at webmaster @
Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us .
GameStop knows that you care about your privacy and the use of your personal information .
This notice describes our Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you from any source through our Websites , in our retail stores , through our Power-Up Rewards Program , in any contest or promotion , or any other way .
By visiting a GameStop Website or retail store , participating in our PowerUp Rewards Program , or otherwise providing information to GameStop you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
In this Privacy Policy , " GameStop " means GameStop , Inc. , its Websites and its retail stores located in the United States and Puerto Rico .
" Website ( s ) " means GameStop operated websites and mobile applications , including GameStop.com and PowerUpRewards.com .
Our Websites may contain links to other websites .
GameStop is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to other GameStop brands such as BuyMyTronics , Game Informer , Kongregate , or PC Downloads , each of which has its own privacy policy .
The word " computer " means any device used to connect to a Website , including , but not limited to , mobile devices .
That You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or that you give us in any other way .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but this will limit your ability to purchase products offered on the Websites , or to take advantage of some features or promotions .
When you place an order with us online , in a store or in any other way , your contact information is used to communicate related information , such as order and shipment confirmation , release date changes and requests for more information to facilitate processing your order .
You may opt-out of these communications by canceling your order .
We use customer contact information to customize future shopping for you , to improve our Websites and stores , to send you information about our company , and to inform you of sales and special offers .
If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email .
We obtain information about you when you search , buy , participate in a contest or questionnaire , communicate with customer service , or otherwise contact us or post information on our Websites .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through a Website or provide information to update or create your account with us ( you may have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when shopping with us ) ; communicate with us by phone , email , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; create any wish or gift list ; participate in any forums or discussion areas or product reviews ; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future .
The information collected typically includes your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; content of reviews you may provide ; emails to us ; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the Websites .
We occasionally run our own email surveys and we ask visitors for contact , demographic and technical information .
We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company .
This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards , if such a reward program is part of the survey .
The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site .
We run contests in which we ask visitors for contact information ( such as their email address ) .
We use this information to contact the winners .
We may also use or share contest information with our business and marketing partners to offer you products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We allow customers to post reviews and allow visitors to communicate information on products .
When posting a review , you can optionally display your name , an alias , or remain anonymous .
However , if you disclose personally identifiable information in your review , that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email .
You should use discretion when disclosing information online .
Automatic Collection of Information : If you purchase any products online , or have any other interaction with our Websites , we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions .
We may also send you personalized emails .
These communications may contain links to our Websites that could include unique identifiers capable of correlating any resulting web activity to the originating email communication .
Like many websites , we may use tracking pixels/web beacons , " cookies " , or other technologies to receive and store certain information , and this information may also be used by certain third-party advertisers with which we have agreements .
Our relationship with third-party advertisers is discussed in more detail under the heading " Third-Party Advertising " below .
For example , cookies are placed on your computer ( explained in more detail below ) to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart .
This allows you to leave our site , come back later , and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact .
It also lets us personalize your experience at our Websites , tailoring the content to your interests .
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously , but if you use these utilities , it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer .
The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our Websites includes your Internet ( IP ) address ; login and password information ; email address ; web browser type and version ; operating system and computer platform ; purchase history , which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Websites , including date and time ; one or more unique identifiers ; products you viewed or searched for ; areas of our Websites you visited ; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number .
We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us .
We assign you one or more unique identifiers to help keep track of your future visits .
We provide email links on our " Customer Services " page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have .
We may receive a confirmation when you open any email that we send to you , if your computer supports such capabilities .
If you send us any email , we will retain such email and your email address for response .
We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you .
Information from Other Sources : If we receive any information about you from other sources , we may add it to our account information .
For example , if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication , and we note that you are a subscriber , we may include that information in the account information that we store about you .
Other examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services ; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer 's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser when you make future visits to our Websites , and to store certain information ( such as items placed in your shopping cart ) between visits .
You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to .
Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
You should look in the " help " area shown on your browser 's toolbar .
Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
You MUST have cookies enabled in order to checkout on our Websites .
We or our partners may also use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies .
A Flash Cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer .
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings .
Flash cookies may help our Website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys .
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers .
They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies .
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable .
Tournaments : If you register for tournaments through GameStop , we may share your registration data with the tournament host and they may use it for internal tracking and analytics .
For instance , if you give us your Xbox Live Gamertag for a Microsoft tournament , Microsoft will use that information for internal research .
Sharing with Third Parties .
We may share customer information that we collect with third parties .
Usually , this information will be shared with a third party that has relationship with us as a business partner or marketing partner ( see information on Third-Party Relationships below ) .
Also , we may use the information that you provide us , or that we collect about you , in connection with the promotion of our products and services and those of our affiliates .
It is not our policy to sell or rent lists of our Website customers to unaffiliated third parties .
Sharing with our Contractors .
We also may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include order fulfillment , package delivery , postal mail and email communications , customer lists management , data analysis , marketing services and assistance which may include content and ads presented on other websites or mobile applications , credit card processing , and customer relationship management .
These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission .
A more detailed discussion of our relationship with certain third-party advertisers is set forth below under the heading " Third-Party Advertising " .
Promotional Offers May be Sent to You .
We may call you with or send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses , or permit other businesses that we are working with to call you with or send you offers , if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers .
If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email .
If after receiving a phone call , you wish to no longer receive phone calls from us , you can inform the caller or follow the prompt instructions .
Sale or Acquisition of Business Units .
As we continue to develop our business , we may buy or sell business divisions or companies , we may merge or combine with another company , or our company itself , or all or a significant part of its assets , may be acquired by another company .
We may provide any information we have to a potential counter-party in any such potential transaction .
If such a transaction is completed , customer information generally is one of the transferred and shared business assets .
The information transferred and shared remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice ( unless , of course , the customer has agreed to be subject to new privacy notice terms ) .
Legal Requirements and Protection of our Websites and Others .
We may decide to release your account and other personal information if we believe release is appropriate or necessary to comply with the law , to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements , or to protect the rights , property , or safety of our Websites , our users , or others .
This information may be released or exchanged with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud , or for credit risk reduction .
We will cooperate with law enforcement and judicial authorities , and we may provide personally identifiable information to appropriate government authorities upon receipt of a subpoena or court order , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation .
We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities .
We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal .
We undertake no obligation or duty to release such information , however , unless we are required to do so under applicable law .
If we want to share personal information other than as permitted or described above , we will notify you , and you may choose to instruct us not to share the information .
We have several types of third-party relationships .
We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager .
This program allows other websites to earn money by directing people ( through links ) to our Website .
If you sign up as an affiliate , your contact information ( website address and related information , email address , mailing and payment addresses , and contact information ) is sent to the third-party affiliate manager who activates your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate for our Websites .
You may apply for this program using an Affiliate Program application .
The Affiliate Program area is clearly labeled , and your information is never collected or shared unless you also fill out an Affiliate Program application .
We work with business partners to provide you access to their products and services .
For example , our Website includes a link to www.alienware.com .
Any information you supply upon entering the www.alienware.com site is collected by Alienware .
We link to third-party surveys .
When you complete a purchase , you are often invited to participate in a survey to rate your experience .
The survey is conducted by a third party ( and is identified as such ) who shares all of the survey information with us , including your email address if you specify it in the survey .
We use this information to gauge which areas of our service need improving .
If you order from us after visiting Sony 's Playstation.com web site we will forward your PlayStation Underground registration number to Sony along with any information regarding the products you have purchased .
Advertisements that appear on our website are sometimes delivered ( or " served " ) directly to users by third-party advertisers with which we have agreements .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
These third-party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and " web beacons " ( also known as " 1x1 gifs " or " clear gifs " ) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked .
Third-Party Advertisers may also serve advertisements to you on other websites , based on their tracking of what content you looked at or interacted with on our Websites .
GameStop does not have access to or control of the cookies and other tracking technologies that may be placed by the third-party advertisers .
Third-party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored by GameStop unless you choose to share it with them .
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by GameStop and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please see : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
When you purchase something from our Websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts certain purchasing information you input , although no known method of data transfer can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order , but we have to transmit the entire credit card number to the credit card processor or company during order processing .
To the extent that you use our Websites , and connect to us through your computer , anyone with access to your computer may be able to access our Websites and conduct transactions in your name .
We have no ability to know who has access to your computer , or to your credit card information , or who you have authorized to use such computer or information .
Persons with access to your computer may be able to view any private or stored account information or other information that you have given to us .
Accordingly , you are responsible for any transactions that are made in your name by someone who has access to your computer or your credit card number .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information , and to your computer .
If you have purchased from us or created an account , our site provides you the opportunity to review , correct , or update your account information .
You can do this by :  Accessing Gamestop.com and clicking on the " My Account " link .
Calling the following telephone number : 1-800-883-8895
Sending mail to the following postal address :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625
Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051
You always may choose not to provide information and most Internet browsers allow you to control the automatic collection of information from your computer .
Obviously , if you choose not to provide necessary information , we may not be able to process your orders or inquiries .
If we permit you to update any information that we store about you , we may keep a copy of the previous information for our records .
If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email .
Our Websites , services and applications are designed for and directed at people 13 years of age or older .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 .
If GameStop learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) .
If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13 , please contact us at :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051
For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :  www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm http : //www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents If you choose to visit our Websites or stores , your visit ( s ) and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Conditions of Website Use , including limitations on damages , and application of the law of your state .
If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement , the practices of the Websites , or your dealings with the Websites , you can contact :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625
Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051
Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of our Websites , or this Privacy Policy , and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us , those terms and notices will still govern your use of Gamestop.com .
As is the case with any business , our business changes over time , and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated or changed at any time , as we deem appropriate .
We may email reminders of our notices and conditions .
You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies .
Unless stated otherwise , our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
Conditions of Website Use may be found by clicking here .
This privacy policy explains what personal information is collected through this Web site , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded .
Unless indicated otherwise , this policy applies only to personal information collected through the Web site , microsites , or mobile sites of our brands and lines of business that expressly adopt , and display or link to , this policy .
These brands and lines of business include Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink , and Pink Nation .
By " personal information " we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like tastes and preferences ) if coupled with your identifying information ( " personally identifying information " ) .
We may refer to all our brands and lines of business ( i.e. , Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink ( or " Pink " ) , and Pink Nation ( by Pink ) ) as " we , " " us , " or " our " throughout this privacy policy .
This privacy policy answers these questions : What personal information is collected at our Web site , and how is it used ?
How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Web sites and what choices do you have ?
How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content ?
What information do we share with third parties and our sister brands ( or what information may they access because of the services they provide to us ) ?
What choices do you have over how your information is used ?
How do you update your personal information ?
How do we secure your information on our site ?
Where is personal information stored and processed ?
Whom should you contact with questions or concerns ?
When was this policy last updated ?
You Directly Provide through this Site
We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with Web sites .
Examples of the information we collect include name , address , phone number , email address , personal preferences , credit card number , purchase and ordering information , demographical information , responses to survey questions and sizing information .
This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and Pink mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys ; join Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation ; enter contests or sweepstakes ; or interact with special-event or program offers .
We may also collect information that you provide about people you know .
For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders .
We use personally identifying information to do things like :  process your online orders ; open an online account at your request ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; provide customer service , whether it 's responding to a request or following up on an order ; include you in surveys and contests ; enable you to post your content , such as comments or images ; facilitate networks of online social activity centered around our products and services ; improve our website , improve the manner in which offers are made on our website , improve purchase decisions of our visitors and the interactions visitors have with our website ; enable you to interact with third-party content service providers , whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment ; and market products and services for each of our brands -- for instance , by adding you to the Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink email list or Victoria 's Secret print-catalog list when you make an online purchase ; or by adding you to the Pink Nation email list if you sign up for Pink Nation .
Information We Observe or Collect through Technology a .
When you visit this Web site , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate .
Navigational information is largely anonymous in the sense that it does n't contain your name , address , phone number , email address or other information that directly identifies you .
However , we may associate this navigational information with your personal information if you provide it .
Cookies and Clear gifs To better understand what you do while on our site , we use a browser feature known as a cookie .
A cookie is a small data file that 's stored by your Web browser on your computer .
It 's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site , what you click on , and remember you and your online purchases when you return .
This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and both your online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) interactions and purchase history .
We also use clear-gifs ( also known as a Web beacon or Web bug ) on our Web site and in our emails .
A clear gif is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a Web page , Web-based document or e-mail message .
It helps us do things like view the URL of the page on which the clear gif appears and the time our Web site or email in question is viewed .
Clear gifs in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience .
These technologies may be used to help us see which of our interactive experiences online users like mostfor example , by keeping track of the number of times a video , widget or other media is accessed or embedded on social networking sites ; and on which social networking sites it is embedded , based on inquiries that are sent to our Web site .
Cookies and clear gifs also allow us to associate your online navigational information , or purchases and interactions ( both online and offline ) , with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , survey responses , and email address ) .
We 'll associate this information to deliver products and services to you ; to improve our business ; to transact business ; and to market our products and services on this and other Web sites and through a variety of media like email , mobile advertising , and direct mail .
As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag .
That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart .
We can also use this technology to determine whether you 'd be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences .
The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes .
Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology Third-party service providers help us provide certain features on our site and analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences .
They may also help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other web sites ( often referred to as " online network advertising " ) .
The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services .
We use third-party services to provide certain features on our Web site .
These third parties use some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology to provide these features .
Analysis We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Web sites , and Web capabilities like embeddable widgets .
These third parties may serve surveys to determine satisfaction with the Web site and then tie the responses to actual behavior on the Web site , which will allow us to improve our Web sites and Web capabilities .
They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology .
We contract with third-party advertising companies to deliver tailored online display and banner advertising to you on other Web sites .
To serve this advertising , these third-party companies place , use , or rely on technology , such as cookies and clear gifs , as customers interact with us through our Web sites and interact with other Web sites .
Once this information is gathered , it helps us select tailored ads for placement on these other Web sites , based on a customers combined online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) shopping history and experience with us .
For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in , and the effect of opting out , click the following : [ NAI Opt Out click here ] and [ DAA Opt Outclick here ]
( you 'll then leave this site for centrally managed online sites where you may specify your preferences under those programs ) .
You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through use of these technologies .
You should also note that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track headers from some or all browsers .
Back To Top We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content .
We do this for your convenience .
We do n't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties .
And we do n't control and are n't responsible for their Web practices .
It is possible that the third party providing content through our Web site may collect or observe information through its use of technology.
Whether the third-party content appears within our Web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Web site for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience ( unless there 's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise ) .
Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices .
Here 's a partial list of the sites or content of these third parties :  1 .
We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo !
There you can get quick location , driving , and contact information for our stores .
Inline Framing We may provide content on our Web site that exists on other Web sites , such as live or recorded video , through a frame surrounded by content from our Web site ( this framed content is referred to as an iFrame ) .
The iFrame is used to facilitate easy access to the content from the other Web site .
Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites
We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys .
Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you 're still in our Web site environment .
In these cases , the third-party 's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event .
So please take note of who 's running the event in question ; and the terms , conditions , and policies that apply . 4 .
Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites
We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content .
This may include easy click-through access or even " single sign-on " to these sites .
The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites .
The Angel Credit Card Site We enable you to navigate easily to the site of World Financial Network Bank ( WFNNB ) , where you can apply for the Angel card and pay invoices online .
WFNNB issues and owns the Angel credit card accounts .
When you apply online for an Angel credit card or pay your account online , you leave our site and interact directly with WFNNB .
Any information you provide to WFNNB is subject to WFNNB 's terms , conditions , and policies , including its privacy policy .
Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs
We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us .
If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Web site through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies sponsoring these membership programs .
Their terms , conditions , and policies apply to any information that 's provided to them to further their programs .
Back To Top 1 .
We may also share the information described in this policy , like postal and email address , customer preferences , and purchase history within our corporate family so that our affiliates may market to you .
Our affiliates include such brands as Bath & Body Works , Beauty Avenues , Inc. , C.O .
Bigelow , Henri Bendel , White Barn , the La Senza family of brands , Mast Global , and Slatkin & Co ..  2 .
Contractors We use third-party " back-office " contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale .
They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , provide some customer service through chat features , monitor site activity , serve surveys and provide analysis from the surveys when combined with website use , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , ( e.g. , from Victoria 's Secret or Pink Nation ) , administer and send mobile messages ( e.g. , from Pink ) , serve ads on this and other Web sites as described above and provide consulting services .
Contractors may also assist us in hosting microsites and mobile Web sites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described above ( see What Personal Information Is Collected
At Our Web Site , and How Is It Used ? )  
Other Marketers We may share your name , postal address , and summary purchase information with other merchants and merchant exchanges .
Other merchants may , in turn , use this information to send you offers on their products and services .
If you do n't want this information shared with these merchants and exchanges , please click here .
Law Enforcement and Emergency Response We may disclose specific information about our Web-site visitors if we have a good-faith belief that it 's necessary or authorized under the law to protect our customers , the public , or our business .
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets , including a brand or line of business , consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with the transaction .
Nothing in this policy restricts our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you .
Back To Top 1 .
Email If you make an online purchase you may receive Victoria 's Secret or Victoria 's Secret Pink email .
You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the removal instructions located at the bottom of each commercial email or by completing the removal from e-mail form .
If you have joined Pink Nation , you may receive Pink Nation email .
If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of Pink Nation email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each Pink Nation message .
Opting out of any of these emails will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications from the brand or line of business in question .
We may occasionally provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive email messages from third parties .
If you do opt in , we 'll share your e-mail address with the specific third party in question .
Please review their privacy policies to see how they treat your personal information .
If you 've signed up for mobile text messaging offers ( e.g. , from Pink ) but later decide you no longer wish to receive offers from one or both of these brands or lines of business , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message .
Catalogs If you 'd like to specify your preferences for our catalogues ( including or postal-mail offers ) , simply follow the instructions on each such catalogue , or dial 1-800-411-5116 .
To reduce postal mail click here .
Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation Please keep in mind that Pink Nation is a separate and stand-alone program , which you may join by visiting the Pink Nation Web site .
Accordingly , your unsubscribe preferences for Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink wo n't affect your Pink Nation preferences ( and vice versa ) .
Please specify those preferences separately .
Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising
You may always choose to block cookies or even clear cookies from your computer .
Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies .
Note that blocking cookies may not block the " first-party " cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site .
By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our Web sites and other Web sites .
Otherwise , clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time .
Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies .
Many Web sites rely on their cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect .
With respect to cookies used as part of a survey , if you do not want the use of cookies to associate survey responses with your behavior on the site , you can elect to not take the survey .
If you want to opt out of the display of our online advertising , which appears on other Web sites , and which is based on the association of your online information with your offline information through interactions with us ( purchase information , in particular ) , then please click the preference icon that may appear on such advertising .
Additionally , if you want more information about online network advertising , in general , including access to some online network advertisers that allow you to designate your preferences , click here ( you 'll then leave this site for a centrally managed online site where you may specify your preferences ) .
If you do n't want your basic contact and purchase information shared with other marketers ( other than our affiliates and our contractor/service providers ) , please click here .
If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates ( such as Bath & Body Works ) , please call 1-800-411-5116 and request not to have your information shared .
Back To Top We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date .
You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information , and other account information , by logging onto our sites ( e.g. , Your Account on Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink , or Edit Profile on your Pink Nation account ) .
You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by clicking here .
Back To Top This Web site has the following types of security measures : limited access data-centers , firewall technology , and secure-socket-layer ( SSL ) certificate authentication .
SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that 's transmitted over the Internet .
This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology-for example , Internet Explorer ( version 6.0 or higher ) , Firefox ( version 3.0 or higher ) , Safari ( version 4 or higher ) , Chrome ( version 2 or higher ) , and AOL ( version 9 or higher ) .
While we implement the above security measures on this site , you should be aware that 100 % security is not always possible .
Back To Top We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
Our parent company ( L Brands ) has become a participant in the Safe Harbor program ( developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ) specifically for our Victorias Secret and Victorias Secret Pink stores
inand email sign-up Website forthe United Kingdom .
( They are governed by separate privacy policies , which may be accessed in those stores and on that Web site. )  
L Brands has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data transferred from the European Union ( EU ) to the U.S .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view L Brands ' certification , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
If you wish to make an EU-related inquiry about privacy or data transfer , please contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services Back
General inquiries If you have general questions about our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us .
Specific Questions about this Policy For specific questions , concerns , or complaints contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services , who administers this policy .
You may contact this person by letter or email at :  AVP , Privacy Legal & Compliance Services
3 Limited Parkway Columbus , OH 43230 US generalcounsel @
Privacy Matter )  3 .
Additionally , if you are an EU resident , and your matter is not resolved to your satisfaction through direct contact with our AVP , Privacy , you may contact the Direct Marketing Association ( DMA ) .
We utilize the DMA Safe Harbor Program as an independent dispute resolution mechanism to address any complaint EU residents may have regarding data privacy matters .
You may contact the DMA by letter or email at :  Safe Harbor Line Direct Marketing Association 1615 L St. , NW Suite 1100 Washington , DC 20036 US safeharbor @
Back To Top Please click here to view any material and substantive changes made since the last revision of this privacy policy .
If you 're concerned about how your personal information is used , please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about VictoriasSecret.com .
This Privacy Statement is effective December 17 , 2013 Yahoo takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information .
How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage .
In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page .
Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union .
To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page .
Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes .
Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets .
When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer .
Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request .
Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission .
Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo .
Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 .
See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) .
Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business .
For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links .
Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer .
Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies .
Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services .
Your Ability to Edit and Delete
Your Account Information and Preferences General
You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time .
New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time .
Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page .
Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo !
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 )
If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance .
This privacy policy lets you know what information we collect , how we may share that information , and your choices regarding the sharing of your information .
This policy applies to Walgreens stores , Walgreens.com , any Walgreens Affiliate sites where you may interact with any of the Walgreens Family of Companies , and other places where we may collect personal information .
By visiting Walgreens.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Is information we collect that uniquely identifies you , the customer .
This information may contain name , shipping address , email address , phone number , and prescription information , as well as other information you may choose to share while interacting with our site and online services .
Non-Personal Information :
Anonymous information is that information we collect that is not traceable to any individual person or computer .
Walgreens utilizes this data to analyze trends and understand customer needs while shopping and interacting on our site so that we can provide a better user experience .
For example , Walgreens may use cookies , web beacons , log files and other technologies to collect information about visitors to our Website , and interactions with our online advertisements and offerings .
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers .
We may collect and store the following personally identifiable information :  Email address , physical contact information , and shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ; Clicks and page information such as the address ( or URL ) of the web site that you came from before visiting our site , which pages you visit on our site , which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you have entered on our site ; Chat session information for customers using our Pharmacy Chat Service , which is logged for quality control purposes but not linked to your individual pharmacy record Customer service history including dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , and correspondence sent to us ; Other information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ; Information you choose to provide through the linking of devices where you are actively choosing to share personal information , including health information , to interact with an application or program we host on our site ; Information you choose to allow us access to through social media channels ; Information from other companies , such as demographic and navigation data ; and When you sign up for pharmacy services or order prescription drugs , our registration process asks you to provide us with a limited amount of personal and/or health-related information .
This information is necessary to process your order and use our web site to access such functions as print prescription history and Auto Refills .
Categories of personally identifiable information include : name , address , phone number , e-mail address , date of birth , billing/shipping information ( credit card number , shipping address ) , and Rx number .
Cookies and Beacons " Cookies " are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer .
Most cookies are " session cookies , " meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you sign out from Walgreens.com or close your web browser .
We use cookies to provide features and services , such as :  Allowing you to enter your password less frequently Remembering your preferences
Presenting information that 's targeted to your interests Measuring the effectiveness of our sites , services , content , and advertising Providing other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies A " web beacon " is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page .
We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page to another and to improve site performance .
We do n't sell or rent your personal information online to third parties for their marketing purposes .
Personalization and experience improvements : We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising , as well as measure and improve its effectiveness .
Walgreens advertising on other websites : Walgreens collects information about your activities on certain websites to send you targeted ads through the use of Flash Cookies .
Examples include location-based advertising to provide information relevant in your area , or advertising that is specific to your device ( such as iPhones , tablets , or Android phones ) .
In some cases , third parties may allow us to target advertising based on websites you have visited or demographic information .
In these cases , your data is not collected by Walgreens or shared with Walgreens for direct use in our advertising .
To opt-out of Flash Cookies , you may go to Adobe at http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html .
To opt-out of behaviorally targeted ads on third party sites you may go to http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
Third Party Offers : We may send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do n't wish to receive e-mail marketing communications from us , simply indicate your preference under My Account/Communication Preferences or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement .
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
These functions may include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , hosting sites from this website or walgreens.com including the photo site , product reviews , developing pictures or photo products , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , or processing credit card payments .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
We will not intentionally release your prescription information other than to you , Walgreen Co. and its subsidiaries , our agents ( such as contracted fulfillment parties , if any ) , your authorized representative , or your prescriber or other authorized medical professional .
We may forward your prescription information to your insurance plan , so that we can handle reimbursement of your prescription purchase for your convenience .
As required by law we will disclose medical and other information which may relate to you .
For example , in compliance with the Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996 , We will provide the Drug Enforcement Administration with the name and address of each individual who purchases products on this website or Walgreens.com which contain the ingredients ephedrine or pseudophedrine .
We , or our photo site host , may also disclose information which we believe to be in violation of Title 18 of the United States Code , Sections 2251 et seq.
to appropriate law enforcement agencies .
Invitees : You may invite other parties to view the content in your Photo Albums .
Walgreens.com will share such information as may be necessary for your invitees to view the albums you designate .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores or assets .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets .
Also , in the unlikely event that Walgreens or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets and is permissible under law .
Protection of Walgreens and Others :
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with laws ; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of this website or Walgreens.com , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our websites .
These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services .
Our web site uses a third-party service provider to serve images .
This service allows us to improve your overall customer experience .
We contract with Omniture , a service partner , to provide us with a data collection and reporting service to measure the effectiveness of promotions and e-mails as well as perform analysis of our customers ' activities on Walgreens.com .
Information shared with Omniture includes ZIP code , gender , year of birth , city and state , and email address .
No other personally identifiable information , such as your name , street address , etc. , is shared with Omniture .
We contract with DoubleClick , a service partner , to serve ads on Walgreens.com and other sites .
This technology uses cookies and beacons to improve our advertising .
It tracks your visits to Walgreens.com and other sites so we may serve more relevant ads to you .
No personally identifiable information about you is shared through this technology .
Doubleclick does not share aggregate , unidentifiable info with third parties .
Our relationship with AARP requires that we provide cookies to assist their contracted providers , i.e. Hitbox , with tracking for pages that have an AARP.walgreens.com url .
Walgreens shares these cookies and unique url tags with AARP and their third-party service provider ( s ) for the purposes of web analytics and measurement .
No personally identifiable information is shared .
Our photo site is hosted by Snapfish , a subsidiary of Hewlett Packard Corporation .
Log-in information to the photo site such as name , address , e-mail address , Walgreens.com user name , and opt-in/opt-out information relating to photo site promotions as well as
credit card information provided to the photo site is shared with the photo site host and photo mail fulfillment vendor .
These vendors are contractually prohibited from using the information obtained in the course of providing these services to photo.walgreens.com in any manner other than to help us provide the services available on the photo site .
We may work with other companies who operate their own websites or mobile apps , to allow them to offer Walgreens customers the ability to connect to Walgreens services .
These services give you more options for ways to use Walgreens services from websites or apps that are not owned or operated by Walgreens .
We contract with companies including Samsung and Google to allow Walgreens customers to access their Balance Rewards account from those partners ' websites and/or mobile apps .
This may include the ability to join Balance Rewards , add an existing Balance Rewards membership , and/or access your account balance .
It is our intent not to sell to persons under the age of 18 and it is our policy not to do so .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use this website only with involvement of a parent or guardian .
However photo.walgreens.com does allow for the viewing of albums by minors above the age of 13 but purchases of products must be made by an adult .
Walgreens is committed to securing your personal information .
We use technology that is designed for use with secure web servers .
Prescription drug information resides in a database behind a firewall where it can not be accessed without proper authorization .
Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " )
technology encrypts your personal information as well as your prescription health history as it is transmitted over the Internet .
You maintain the security of your medical information by keeping your user name , password and other personal information confidential .
Walgreens customer service representatives will never request your password .
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
We recommend that you take the following precautions to safeguard your data : Use a complex password with unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your Walgreens password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password .
Keep your computer software up to date with the latest browser and anti-virus security software .
Be aware of increasingly common email scams that may use your email address to contact you and ask for personal or sensitive information .
Always be cautious when opening links or attachments from unsolicited third parties .
Also know that Walgreens will not send you emails asking for your credit card number , social security number or other personally identifiable information .
So if ever asked for this information , you can be confident it is not from Walgreens .
Stop receiving e-mail and mobile marketing communications by changing your preferences online .
If you have an online account , login to Your Account and click on Communication Preferences .
If you do not have an online account you may click Unsubscribe from the bottom of Walgreens emails , and reply STOP to our text messages to stop receiving emails and SMS text messages .
To request unsubscribing by email , contact Customerservice @
Set your Web browser to not accept new cookies or web beacons , or be notified when you receive a new cookie , or disable cookies altogether .
However , please note that without enabling these features , your experience on Walgreens.com will not be as smooth and you will not be able to take full advantage of our website 's features .
Please see the Help section of your browser for instructions on managing security preferences .
As our business changes , we will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide .
This privacy policy and the Terms of Use will be updated to reflect these changes .
The use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use .
If there are changes or additions to this privacy policy , we will post those changes here or in other formats we deem acceptable , so that you will always know what information we collect online or offline , how we use it and what choices you have .
It is your responsibility to review our privacy policy and Terms and Conditions for changes .
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy , contact us by : Phone : ( 847 ) 236-6518 E-mail : privacy.office @ walgreens.com
Regular mail : Walgreen Co .
Privacy Office Attn : Privacy Officer 200 Wilmot Rd , MS 9000 Deerfield , IL 60015
This policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Sam 's Club retail stores and through our websites .
Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our operations in our retail stores .
This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center .
We collect your information from the following sources : Information you give us , such as during transactions , Member services , surveys , and online registrations .
Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras .
Read more about Information We Collect Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information .
Sam 's Club Membership uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions .
These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
We may combine all the information we collect .
We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances : with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products ; with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs , if you apply for Sam 's Membership , to help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information ; with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest , you may opt-out of this sharing ; in order to respond to Member inquiries from the account 's primary Member or from an officer or principal of a Business Member ; for certain business Members who purchase business resale merchandise , such as tobacco products , we may share information with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates .
with your consent , and when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , Members , or associates , or when otherwise required by law ; we may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Read more about How We Use
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following communication standards : We will not contact you via text message without your express consent ( opt in ) , We use an opt-out standard for all other marketing communications .
This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to .
( opt out ) .
Learn more about how to opt out in the " Your Choices " section below .
Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras .
We Collect Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions .
Email Privacy Office - for privacy or Sam 's Club Privacy Policy feedback/questions .
We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust .
Read our entire privacy policy .
We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us .
Visit our corporate Privacy & Security Information Center for general tips and resources .
Privacy Policy - Full Policy Sam 's Club recognizes the importance of our Members ' privacy .
We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance - it is one of trust .
We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual .
This policy describes : How and why we collect your personal information .
How your information is used and protected .
When and with whom we share your information .
The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information .
Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices
Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices .
This policy applies to Member information obtained by Sam 's Club in connection with its operations , both in Clubs and online , in the United States and Puerto Rico .
Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations in our retail stores .
This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center .
We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services
you request and to help improve your shopping experience .
We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection .
We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Sam 's Club , both in Clubs and online .
Some examples are when you : Sign up for a Sam 's Club Membership ; Make an online or in-Club purchase from us ; Use a gift registry ; Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as purchasing certain cold medications ) ; Request Member service or contact us ; Submit a Sam 's Club related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ; Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication .
Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you .
The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information .
When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients .
For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements .
We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well .
Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud .
In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products .
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising .
Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns .
Some examples include : We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your computer 's operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our web pages .
We use " cookies " to recognize you as you use or return to our sites .
This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you .
A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser on your hard drive .
We may also use web beacons .
Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective .
Our Clubs utilize cameras Clubs for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns .
Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally .
How We Use Your Information Sam 's Club uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions .
These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
Some examples include : To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ; To register and service your account ; To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ; To provide Member service and alert you to product information , including recalls ; To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ; To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business .
To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with offline information , including information from third parties .
We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes .
Sam 's Club may also receive and share information within the family of Walmart companies to better understand Member needs and improves services .
How We Disclose Your Information Outside Sam 's Club Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances .
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations .
Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites .
Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Sam 's Club maintain facilities .
We require our service providers to keep your information secure .
In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf .
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others We may disclose your information in other special circumstances .
These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , our Members , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law .
Examples include protecting the health or safety of Members , or addressing crimes committed on Sam 's Club property .
Data from in-Club security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request .
Sam 's Club may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
If you apply for a Sam 's Club Membership , we may share your information with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs .
To help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information .
Similarly , if you qualify for a credit account and are not offered a credit account by a Sam 's Club Associate we may share your information with our partner , so that they may extend the offer of credit as required by law .
However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of consumer credit from all companies , including prescreened offers of Sam 's Club credit , by calling 1.888.567.8688 .
From time to time , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest .
To opt out of this sharing click here and follow the instructions .
These opt-outs do not apply to the Sam 's Club co-branded credit card or to data sharing regarding business customers that purchase business resale merchandise .
We may share information regarding a Business Membership with the account 's primary Member or an Officer or Principal of the business in order to respond to their inquiry .
We may share information about Business Members resale merchandise purchases , such as tobacco products , with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates .
We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Your Choices Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure Sam 's Club collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy .
The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed .
For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law .
In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing .
Marketing Preferences We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following communication standards : We use an opt-in standard for text messages .
Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent .
We use an opt-out standard for email or for other marketing communications like mail .
Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will not conduct the activity on your request .
You may opt-out of receiving different types of Sam 's Club marketing material in the following ways Online : By logging on to your samsClub.com account and clicking " edit " on the Member profile section .
By Email : You may email privacy @ samsClub.com for assistance .
By Mail : Sam 's Club , 2101 SE Simple Savings Drive , Bentonville , AR 72716-0745 , Attention :
Membership Department By Phone : You may call Member Services by dialing 1.888.746.7726 .
In Club : You may request to opt out at the Membership desk of your local Sam 's Club .
If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , Membership number , and the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information .
For instance , if you would like to opt out of mail , include your mailing address .
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed .
It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests .
Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes .
Some examples are contacts for Member service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls .
We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds .
How to Access and Update
Your Information Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete .
You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways : If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account .
Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated .
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this policy .
Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures .
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect .
We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request .
If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party .
Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below .
If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  
You can deactivate your Sam 's Club account if you wish .
Please contact our Member Service Department by calling 1 ( 888 ) 746-7726 for further instructions about deactivating your Samsclub.com account .
Joint or Co-branded Marketing Material :
We may also share your personal information with partners when we team up to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions that are of value to Members .
If you would like to opt-out of this type of sharing , click here and follow the instructions .
Please note your choice to opt-out under any of the above will apply only to the individual cardholder Membership .
If there are several cardholder Memberships under a single Account ( such as a spouse 's card or add-on card ) , each person with a Membership card must opt-out .
The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) .
However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies , including our prescreened offers , by calling 1.888.567.8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com .
You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising .
For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies
Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us .
Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features .
To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your computer , follow these links : Microsoft Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox
All About Cookies Adobe Flash Cookies
You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising .
Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior .
The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests .
We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests .
As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website .
Advertisements may relate to Sam 's Club or our advertising partners .
We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them .
We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes .
In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites .
You may see ads for Sam 's Club on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites .
We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites .
You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above .
Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well .
If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior .
About Our Ads Ads Displayed on SamsClub.com Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for Sam 's Club or our advertising partners that are more relevant to your interests .
Learn more about your options , including how to opt out of this type of advertising .
Please note : If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads on SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop .
Sam 's Club Ads Displayed on Other Sites
Some websites may belong to ad networks that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites ; the displayed ads may include advertising for Sam 's Club .
To learn more , and to opt out of seeing interest-based advertisements on these sites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative home page .
Websites may also offer their own opt-out methods for interest-based advertising .
Sam 's Club Advertising Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests .
If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads while browsing SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop .
Your current settings allow you to see interest-based advertisements while browsing or shopping on SamsClub.com .
Once you have opted out , we will no longer use your browsing and shopping behavior to select which ads are displayed to you on SamsClub.com .
You will continue to see ads on our site .
To successfully opt out , you must have cookies enabled in your Web browser ( see your browser 's instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them ) .
Opting out only applies to your current Web browser on your current computer .
If you use multiple computers or multiple Web browsers , you must opt out using each one .
Once you opt out , if you delete your browser 's saved cookies , you will need to opt out again .
How to Access and Update
Your Information Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete .
You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways : If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account .
Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated .
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this policy .
Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures .
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect .
We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request .
If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party .
Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below .
If you need assistance accessing records related to your Optical , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  
How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is a company priority .
Whether you are shopping online or in our Clubs , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information .
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account .
Please keep this password confidential .
We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet .
When you enter a secure portion of a website , which is any page containing any of your account information , an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window .
If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear .
This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Sam 's Club web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server .
Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections Personal information that is maintained in our offices or Clubs is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well .
Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage .
When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable .
Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information Pharmacy and Optical Centers
When you use our Pharmacy and Optical Center services , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request .
We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies .
Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it .
This notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Optical Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Sam 's Club .
When you obtain financial products and services from us , and our partner , GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , we may collect and use certain financial-related information .
We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies .
Find out more about GECRB 's Privacy Policy .
We protect payment card information we collect during transactions .
We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing Member information .
These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies .
Changes to the Sam 's Club Privacy Policy
Please check our privacy policy periodically for changes .
We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy policy .
Contact Us Email Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions .
Contacting the Privacy Office Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this policy or about how your information is handled .
You can also contact us via the addresses below :
Mail : Sam 's Club Corporate Privacy Office , MS # 505 508 SW 8th Street Bentonville , AR 72716-0160
Your California Privacy Rights Our privacy policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes .
The policy and rights apply to all Members , including California residents : We share information with others outside of Sam 's Club , unless you ask us not to ( opt-out ) .
See How We Share Your Information Outside Sam 's Club .
We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Walmart .
See How We Use Your Information .
Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above .
Effective : September 25 , 2013
At QVC , we are committed to giving you quality service .
As part of that commitment , we gather information about our customers , users of our websites and other services , and visitors so we can better serve you .
Because we realize that your privacy is important to you , your privacy is also important to us .
Whether you visit or buy from our show , one of our stores , or one of our websites such as QVC.com , or through one of our other services such as QVC 's mobile services or a QVC software application ( i.e. , a widget ) downloaded to your desktop ( all of which together with our websites we will refer to as " services " ) , you can be assured that we respect the confidentiality of personal information that identifies you and treat that information responsibly .
As described in this Privacy Statement , we do not authorize the selling or renting of your personal information to third parties for their business purposes .
By using a QVC service , you accept the practices that are described in this Privacy Statement , which is effective as of September 11th , 2008 , and is part of the General Terms and Conditions of Use governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing any other QVC service you use .
If , however , another QVC service sets forth a separate or additional privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy , then that separate privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy shall apply in connection with your use of that service .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to personal information that is collected through the websites of QVC 's affiliates based outside the United States or through any other services offered by QVC 's affiliates outside the United States .
We may change or add to this Privacy Statement from time to time .
When that happens , we will post the revised Privacy Statement here .
Your use of one of our services after changes to this Privacy Statement have been posted constitutes your knowledge and acceptance of those changes ( i.e. , that the changes may be applied to the information we collect from and about you ) .
QVC is not responsible for the privacy or data collection policies or practices of the services from which you access our services , of services we link to , or of any services that are linked to our services .
This Privacy Statement tells you what kinds of information we collect about our customers , users , and visitors , how we use that information and with whom we may share it , and how you can access and change our information about you .
If you have additional questions about QVC 's privacy practices or would like more information , please contact Privacy-Statement @
What personal information do we collect from our customers ?
What other kinds of customer information do we collect ?
How do we collect this information ?
How do we use cookies ?
How do we use web beacons ?
What if you do n't want to give us personal information ?
How do we protect our customers ' personal information ?
How do we use information about our customers ?
How do we share customers ' personal information with third parties ?
How do we share other kinds of information about our customers with third parties ?
How can users check or change the information we collect from or about them ?
What are third party affinity programs ?
Do we collect personal information from children ?
View our Safe Harbor Statement
We gather personal information about our customers so we can better serve you , and we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your personal information and to treat that information responsibly .
We collect the personal information that you give us voluntarily or in response to our request when you choose to purchase a product from us or use one of our services .
For example , when you register with QVC we will ask you to provide information such as your name , e-mail address , physical address , and telephone number .
Registration with QVC is generally required to make a purchase or to use one of our community functions such as posting a message on a community forum or submitting a product review .
Similarly , we will ask you for contact information if you use our notify a friend program or if you request that we send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices or seek information or assistance from us .
If you purchase a product , we will also ask you for financial information such as your QCard or other credit card number and for a billing address and a shipping address .
Additional personal information may be collected from you in connection with your use of certain optional services and features we offer .
For example , if you register for QVC 's mobile services , we will ask you to provide information such as your cell phone number and the name of your mobile provider , as well as the payment method , billing address , and shipping address you want to use for any purchases through this service .
You will also be requested to specify payment and shipping information in advance if you want to purchase items using a speed purchase feature .
Similarly , entering one of our contests or sweepstakes , submitting an employment application , or using one of our community functions may involve our collection of further personal information from you such as your social security number and chosen nickname .
If you sign up to receive Today 's Special Value e-mails , messages or e-newsletters , you may be asked to provide information concerning your personal interests .
We may also collect personal information from your creation of wish lists or reminders .
If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we may also collect personal information from you about your membership and your purchases from us .
If you ask us to ship a purchase to somebody else or you use our notify a friend feature , we will ask you to provide the name and address or e-mail address of the person to whom you are sending or recommending the product , as well as your name and contact information .
We may also obtain personal information about you such as contact information , updated address and shipping instructions , and credit information from agents , consultants , contractors , carriers , and other third parties .
We may also collect contact and other information about prospective customers .
Additionally , our system keeps track of technical information about your computer or mobile device , such as the browser type and version , browser plug-in types and versions , and operating system of your computer , the Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) or other provider you use to access certain of our services , and your internet protocol ( ip ) address , location , and time zone setting .
To help us understand the use of our services by our visitors and improve your shopping experience and to aid us in marketing and managing our services , we also automatically collect information as to how you were directed to them , how you navigate around them , what products you browse , and your purchasing activities .
When you register with QVC , we compile the personal information you give us about yourself into an individual profile , adding other personal information about you to that profile as we obtain it .
We also collect information about your purchases and other uses of our services as they occur .
Personal and other information about prospective customers may be collected by us or obtained from our business partners or other third parties .
We automatically gather other information ( including the technical information identified above ) when you access certain of our services , including through the use of cookies and web beacons .
Return to top Cookies enhance our ability to serve you .
Basically , they 're pieces of text that a website stores on your computer an identification code of sorts .
This cookie can be accessed by the website when you revisit it .
We use two types of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies terminate shortly after you terminate your internet session .
Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive until they expire or are deleted .
Both types of cookies help provide an enhanced user experience since they recall your use of the Internet and our services , shopping preferences , shopping cart information , and your password .
We understand that not everyone wants to permit the use of cookies .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies and how to disable cookies , but we recommend that you leave cookies turned on so that you can take full advantage of the shopping features we offer .
Return to top Web beacons are small , transparent graphics that are placed on web pages to track how visitors arrive at a website and what they do there .
We use web beacons to track customers ' visits to and browsing activities at our websites and to compile sales and statistical data .
For example , beacons let us know when a purchase is made on one of our websites by a member of one of our third party affinity programs and when a purchase is initiated by an advertisement we placed on a third party 's website .
This information assists us in marketing and managing our websites and enhancing your shopping experience .
Return to top Personal information is required for you to make a purchase , request information or assistance , or take advantage of certain services and features we offer , such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , or on-line employment applications .
If you do not want to provide personal information through use of these services and features , you are free to look for products offered through any of our marketing channels and place a telephone order by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or by visiting one of our stores .
We respect the confidentiality of all your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement whether you give it to us over the telephone , at one of our stores , or via any other means .
Return to top QVC participates in the VeriSign Secured Seal Program .
All of your personal information is encrypted by Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software when it is transmitted to us via the Internet to any website address beginning with https .
We maintain the servers that store this information in a facility with restricted access .
We also truncate your credit card number to the last four digits when we communicate with you about your order .
We use your personal information to process your orders .
This includes for example , contacting you to confirm your order , fulfilling it , and shipping it .
We may also contact you about your order .
Additionally , we will use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices , or to respond to requests for information or assistance from you .
If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will use and disclose your personal information to administer and manage that program .
Similarly , if you choose to participate in certain services or features we offer such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , and on-line employment applications , we will use your personal information to administer and manage those services and features .
We may also use your personal information to improve our service to you , to customize the content you see , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes .
For example , we periodically review customer information as part of servicing our accounts .
We may also contact you from time to time to inform you of the services that we offer and to gather information about how we can improve them .
Finally , we analyze information we obtain automatically , including from cookies and web beacons , concerning our customers ' use of , access to , and navigation of our services and their browsing and purchasing activities to improve , customize , and market our services and content , to enhance our customers ' shopping experiences , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes .
In order to receive and process your orders and requests , we may provide your name , address , and other personal information , such as your e-mail address and telephone number , to other entities such as credit card companies and package delivery services ( for example , American Express , Visa , UPS , and USPS ) .
Similarly , if you order a product that is shipped directly from another company , or offered by us in conjunction with another company , we will share personal information about that order with the other company .
We may use third party agents , consultants , and contractors to perform business functions on our behalf , including customer service , credit review , account servicing , customer research , marketing , provision of IT services , and records maintenance .
We give these entities access to our customers ' personal information to perform these functions for us .
We DO NOT authorize them to use that information for any other purpose .
Additionally , we share personal information about you when you voluntarily use certain optional services and features we offer .
For example , if you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will share information concerning your purchases from us with the organization running that program .
If you ask us to send a particular product to another person or use our notify a friend feature , we will tell that person we are sending the product or e-mail at your request .
If you participate in a contest or sweepstakes or submit an employment application , we may share the information you submit with others assisting us in the administration of that feature .
If you use one of our community functions , the content of your posting will be available to all other participants and will be accompanied by your user name or chosen nickname .
It is possible that QVC or part of its business or one of its affiliates could merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity and your personal information could be among the assets transferred .
If this occurs , you will be notified of the change by e-mail or notice on this website or one of our other services .
We reserve the right to share personal information about you with our affiliates in the course of our business operations .
We also reserve the right to share personal information about you when we believe this to be appropriate to comply with the law or in cooperation with legal authorities , to enforce the General Terms and Conditions governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing the use of our other services , or to protect the rights , property , safety , or other interests of QVC and its customers .
We may share non-personal , non-individually identifiable information about our customers with the group of people with whom we share personal information , as well as with other third parties such as vendors , advertisers , and marketing firms .
You can always review your personal profile at QVC and correct or update it by going to the area of one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the specific type of information that you wish to correct or update .
You can also change personal information such as your shipping address or payment method when ordering .
You can subscribe to or unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other promotional notices by going to the area on one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the type of communication service you wish to change .
Our customer service representatives are also ready to assist you in checking or changing your personal profile or removing your name from our contact lists .
You can reach them through links to customer service that appear throughout our services , by e-mail , or by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or writing to :  QVC , Inc .
Customer Service 1200 Wilson Drive West Chester , PA 19380 You can opt out of our use of cookies to recall information about you by setting your browser not to accept cookies or to disable cookies .
You can not access or change the non-personal information that we collect .
However , you can opt out of the process by which certain categories of information are collected at this website by clicking here .
Return to top Occasionally , we participate in rewards programs with other business organizations where customers who are also members of these businesses will get a credit or a reward for their QVC purchases from the other member organizations .
We also sometimes advertise QVC products on other services in the form of a link so that visitors can click over to our services and purchase the products if they are interested .
In these situations , we share information about our customers ' QVC purchases with these other member organizations and other services under the contracts these entities have with QVC .
Our services are not intended for use by children , and the terms and conditions governing the use of our services require that you must be at least 18 years old to use them .
In addition , we do not solicit or collect information from anyone who tells us that he or she is under 13 years of age .
The LivingSocial privacy policy ( the Privacy Policy ) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information and other information you submit to us through LivingSocial .
By accessing or otherwise using the LivingSocial websites , e-mails or other services ( collectively LivingSocial ) , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy ( which is incorporated into and forms a part of the LivingSocial Conditions of Use ) and consent to the processing of your information according to the Privacy Policy .
Collection of Information Use and Disclosure of Information Choices
About Your Information Third Party Advertising and Sites Security Children 's Personal Information Access Enforcement Changes to this Privacy Policy
We collect the following types of information : Personal Information that You Provide
In general , we collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through LivingSocial .
We also collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on LivingSocial .
For example , our registration and login process requires you to provide us with your name , valid e-mail address and password of your choice .
Use of some of our services may require you to save a delivery or shipping address .
When you personalize your profile and use the features of LivingSocial , we will collect any information you voluntarily provide , and we may also request optional information to support your use of LivingSocial , such as your year of birth , gender and other demographic information .
We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of LivingSocial , such as photos , reviews , ratings and other information you choose to submit .
We may also collect information about you and your friends who use LivingSocial from any social network you may have connected from , in order to provide you with a more personalized experience .
For instance , we may collect your user name or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through LivingSocial in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and connections .
To enable payment for services purchased through Living Social , we collect and store billing and credit card information .
For example , when you purchase a Deal , you submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal .
When you sign up for , or win , any contests , sweepstakes or other activities that we make available on LivingSocial , we will collect the information designated along with such activity , which may include contact information such as your address and phone number .
If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you , we will collect your e-mail address and other related information .
Additionally , we collect any information that you voluntarily enter , including Personal Information , into any postings , comments or forums within the LivingSocial community .
Personal Information from Other Sources
We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered or interacted , companies who we have partnered with ( collectively , Partners ) or other third parties .
We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you .
E-mail and E-mail Addresses If you send an e-mail to us , or fill out our Feedback form through LivingSocial , we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail , including attached files , and other information you provide .
We may use and display your full name and e-mail address when you send an e-mail notification to a friend through LivingSocial or the social network from which you have connected to LivingSocial ( such as in an invitation , or when sharing your content ) .
Additionally , we may use your e-mail address to contact you on behalf of your friends ( such as when someone sends you a personal message ) or to send notifications from a social network or other website with which you have registered to receive such notifications .
We may also use your e-mail address to contact you for things such as notifications of limited-edition shop sales and other related information .
You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below .
As you use LivingSocial , certain information may be passively collected and stored on our or our service providers ' server logs , including your Internet protocol address , browser type and operating system .
We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed , or on which of the advertisements displayed on LivingSocial you clicked .
An Internet protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet .
In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer internet access provider , your IP Address probably varies from session to session .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the site .
We may use both session Cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent Cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with LivingSocial .
Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions .
In order to use our services offered through LivingSocial , your web browser must accept Cookies .
If you choose to disable Cookies , some aspects of LivingSocial may not work properly , and you may not be able to receive our services .
You can manage your cookie preferences via your browser settings ( see http : //www.aboutcookies.org for more information )  Mobile & Location Information
If you use mobile-enabled services provided by Living Social , such as any LivingSocial mobile application made available by us , we may receive information about your use of our services from your mobile device while you use our applications or services .
This may also include information about your precise location if you have enabled location-based services on your mobile device .
Certain applications or services may also require addition information collection , such as information to be sent when you are not logged into LivingSocial for alerts services , and the terms of such collection will be identified when you subscribe to or sign up for such services or applications .
Social Media Information Certain information you post or provide through LivingSocial for public posting , such as your name , profile , comments , collections and reviews , may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of LivingSocial , including without limitation , social media applications and other public fora in which you choose to participate .
Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personal Information when posting comments or other information or content through LivingSocial , this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others , including people outside the LivingSocial community .
Please also be aware that if you choose to share or tweet deals or your purchases , they will become publicly available on the Facebook and Twitter websites .
It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish .
We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of LivingSocial available to others , and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise .
You may choose to log in or access Living Social using the Facebook Connect feature or by downloading the LivingSocial mobile app through Facebook or another third party platform .
By doing this , you are authorizing that third party platform to send us certain information from your account with them , and you authorize us to collect , store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the third party platform .
If you provide feedback to us , we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose , provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information .
We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You agree that any such comments and any e-mail we receive becomes our property .
We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you .
In general , Personal Information and other information you submit or share with us is used for the following purposes by LivingSocial : to enable your access to our services ; to provide , maintain , protect , develop and improve LivingSocial ; to fulfill your requests for products and services ; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners ; and to offer you additional information , opportunities , promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf , or from our partners or our advertisers at your request .
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , we do not sell , trade , rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with third parties , unless you ask or authorize us to do so .
We may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers or affiliates who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of LivingSocial and to help us communicate with you .
Examples of such services include sending e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , voucher management services , processing payments ( including credit card payments ) and providing customer service .
We limit information provided to the aforementioned affiliate and third party service providers to the extent necessary for them to provide the services and require such service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us .
We may share some or all of your Personal Information ( other than credit card information ) with Merchants whose Deals you have purchased for their commercial purposes and to provide the Deal .
If you do not want us to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy , you may not use LivingSocial .
Certain Deals may expressly require you to submit information for fulfillment at the point of purchase , and Merchants may separately request information from you as necessary to redeem the Voucher you have purchased , or for their own purposes .
A merchant 's collection and use of any information shall be governed by that Merchant 's own privacy policy .
Additionally , we do share your content preferences and other information with social networks you have connected with LivingSocial , along with those companies and persons you have asked us to share your information with .
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with LivingSocial affiliated and group companies that are under a common control , so that they may send daily deal e-mails to you , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy .
We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our site .
This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from , what actions they took on our site and where visitors went when they left our site .
If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here .
In addition , HasOffers provides us with analytics services related to downloads of our mobile app .
If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here .
We may also develop non-personal information concerning LivingSocial users , using de-identification processes to help ensure that such information can not reasonably be re-associated or connected with you as an individual .
Generally , we aggregate this information and use it in statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of LivingSocial .
This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of de-identified information ( i.e. , that is not connected with you as a user ) in any way , and we reserve the right to use and disclose such information to our partners , advertisers and other third parties in our discretion .
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger , acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy , and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer 's assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) to protect and defend our rights or property , you , or third parties .
You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein .
We offer you choices regarding the collection , use and sharing of your Personal Information .
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes .
When you receive promotional communications from us , you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly at privacy @
Despite your indicated e-mail marketing preferences , we may send you administrative e-mails regarding LivingSocial , including , for example , administrative and transactional confirmations , and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner .
If you use Living Social services provided through mobile devices , you may have additional choices , including over whether location services are enabled .
Additionally , if you use other social media services in connection with Living Social , the providers of these services may provide you with additional choices concerning the types of data shared with LivingSocial .
We may enable advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on LivingSocial .
These advertisers and ad servers may use Cookies , Web Beacons ( which are usually small , transparent graphic images ) or similar technologies in order to monitor information related to the serving of their advertisements , and may use information gathered over time and across Web sites in order to make the ads you receive more relevant .
Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser .
We also engage in remarketing to market our sites , products and services or those of our trusted advertising partners across the web : when a user visits our site , a Cookie is dropped on the user , and advertising networks may deliver targeted advertisements to users with this Cookie .
We do not share any of your Personal Information with our remarketing ad networks or advertisers .
You have choices about third-party advertising : both the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance
allow you to opt out from online behavioral advertising by their participating companies .
LivingSocial may contain links to other websites or may make third-party applications available to our users .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites or applications .
We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit or application they use .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through LivingSocial and does not apply to these third-party websites or applications .
The ability to access information of third parties from LivingSocial , or links to other websites or locations , is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties , their products , their services , other websites , locations or their content .
We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure .
Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information , no company , including us , can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information .
LivingSocial does not direct its websites to children under the age of thirteen .
We market families-related products or services for purchase by adults .
We require registered users of the site to be at least eighteen years old .
Protecting the privacy of children is very important .
If we obtain actual knowledge that a registered user is under eighteen , we will promptly delete information associated with such account .
By using LivingSocial , you are representing that you are at least eighteen years old .
You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you .
If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information , please contact us at privacy @
We may charge a reasonable fee for this service .
We want to make sure that your information is accurate and up-to-date .
You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate .
You may change any of your profile information by editing it in the profile settings page .
Personal or other information about you collected on LivingSocial sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which LivingSocial or its affiliates , subsidiaries and services providers maintain facilities .
LivingSocial complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of information from European Union Member Countries .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , please visit the Safe Harbor Website .
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision at our discretion , and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information , we will post an alert on this page or may otherwise post an alert on the LivingSocial website .
If you object to any such changes , you must cease using LivingSocial .
Continued use of LivingSocial following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
If you are a California resident , you may request that we provide to you ( i ) a list of the categories of personal information about you that LivingSocial has disclosed to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes during the calendar year preceding your request , ( ii ) the names and addresses of such third parties , and ( iii ) if the nature of the third parties ' business can not reasonably be determined from their names , examples of the products or services marketed , if known to LivingSocial , sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties ' business .
To submit your request , please e-mail privacy @
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , please contact us at : privacy @
Last updated : January 22 , 2013 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective Date : This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 .
At Bed Bath & Beyond we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and therefore do not sell or rent our customers ' Personal Information to any third party .
Further , we do not share your Personal Information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes without first providing you the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing .
You may request information about how we share information consistent with this Privacy Policy by contacting us at : privacy.information @
The www.bedbathandbeyond.com web site ( the " Site " ) is owned , operated and maintained by Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , the parent company to the group of subsidiaries that operate retail store chains under the names Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY , and such other brands as we may acquire or launch from time to time .
We refer to Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , as , the " Company " while we refer to the Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY and other brands collectively as , the " Brands " .
We refer to the Company and the Brands together as " Bed Bath & Beyond " " we " " us " or " our. "  
This page sets forth our policies regarding the use and disclosure of information we collect from or are able to obtain about the Site 's users .
We refer to these policies as our Privacy Policy .
In addition to the lower case words we us and our defined above , you will notice that we capitalize certain words in this Privacy Policy even though the rules of grammar do not require that they be capitalized .
We do this because these words have specific meanings in this Privacy Policy .
These specific meaning are found where the capitalized words are placed in bold text and inside quotation marks .
We hope this Privacy Policy will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from our Site .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , other than requests for our information sharing practices as described in the first paragraph above , please feel free to contact us at customer.service @
bedbath.com or , if you wish to exclude your Personal Information from our direct marketing programs including e-mail , please refer to the section titled How to Opt-Out , below .
This Privacy Policy governs use of the Site and all the web sites operated by us , except where the Company or one of the Brands may have a separate policy in place for a specific web site other than the Site ( an Other Web Site ) .
In such a case the policy applicable to the Other Web Site will be available at the Other Web Site and will govern the use of the Other Web Site .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us , or that we may obtain through means other than the Site , such as by phone or postal mail , but please note that Personal Information obtained through such means will be treated in accordance with the first paragraph above and our use of such Personal Information will be consistent with this Privacy Policy .
By accessing and using the Site you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you are not authorized to use the Site .
Furthermore , by providing us with Personal Information on this Site , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
As we update and diversify our products and services , this Privacy Policy may change .
We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time .
Please check this page for updates periodically .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here .
Unless the law otherwise requires , we do not provide notice of changes to this Privacy Policy and your use of the Site following any posted changes will indicate your acceptance of such changes .
This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 .
The last change to this policy was :  Clarification on our use of third party advertisers Clarification regarding the use of Personal Information for processing returns and exchanges , and for protection against fraud and error Elimination of paragraph regarding information sharing with UPromise , whose participants now receive their benefits through other means
What Information Do We Actively Collect and Inactively Gather ?
In order to process orders efficiently , when you place an order with us or register an account on the Site we actively collect the following personal information : name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address , phone number , and credit card number ( Personal Information ) .
If you prefer not to disclose your Personal Information online , you can always place your order by calling 1-800-GO BEYOND ( 1-800-462-3966 ) or visiting one of our many stores .
You may need to visit a separate site to find locations for the Brands .
We may periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Site for internal research purposes that may include marketing .
This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from us .
If you respond to such surveys , we may ask you for some Personal Information and/or may contact you for more information , but only if you have given us permission to do so .
We may also receive information about you from other sources .
We ( including through our third party service providers ) may inactively collect from you information that is not in the same category as Personal Information .
For example , we might track information about the date and time you access the Site , the type of web browser you used , and the web site from which you connect to our Site .
We collect and use this and other non-Personal Information ( such as demographic data ) to analyze and develop our business strategy and to determine how you found out about us , your interests regarding our products and services and how to further improve our Site .
We , or a third party , may also collect information from your activities on the Site as well as other sites for the purpose of providing advertisements and other content that is customized to your interests and preferences .
This means that our ads may appear on participating web sites based upon your browsing activity .
To accomplish all this , and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features , we , as do many web sites , use and allow our third party advertising companies to use the technologies listed below and other similar technologies ( the Tracking Technologies ) :  Cookies and Clear GIFs - Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your customer identification information ( i.e. , username , password , shopping cart information , etc. )  while you 're at a site .
Cookies also track where you travel on a site and what you look at and purchase .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
You can learn more about how third party advertising companies use cookies and clear GIFs , including how to opt-out , by clicking here .
Please read the explanation carefully
should you choose to opt-out using this method .
IP Address Tracking and Clickstream Data - In addition to cookies and clear GIFs , our servers automatically collect data about your server 's Internet address when you visit our Site .
This information , known as an Internet Protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet .
When you view pages from our Site , our servers may record or log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name .
Our server also may record the page that linked you to us and related information including any ads you may have clicked on .
Such information is known as Clickstream Data .
Email Interconnectivity - If you receive email from us , we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message , click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases .
In some cases , we may link the non-Personal information collected through the Tracking Technologies with certain of your Personal Information .
WE WANT TO BE SURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACCEPTING
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ONTO YOUR COMPUTER
GIVES US ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU .
YOU MAY SET YOUR WEB BROWSER SOFTWARE
TO REJECT TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ,
BUT , IF YOU DO SO , CERTAIN FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE MAY BE AFFECTED .
Third parties ( including , but not limited to , software vendors , advertisers and fulfillment companies ) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site .
SUCH THIRD PARTIES TRACK OR COLLECT , AND HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY TRACKING , DATA COLLECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES
You may be visiting the Site from your mobile device .
Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such information if you access the Site through mobile devices .
Some features of the Site may allow for the collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information .
Furthermore , some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service .
Depending on the provider , we or our third-party service providers may receive this information .
If an e-mail address you have provided us is a wireless e-mail address , you agree to receive messages at such address from us ( unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the How to Opt-Out instructions below ) .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages , and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions below .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
WE COMPLY WITH U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS WITH REGARD TO THOSE PAGES OF OUR SITE
USED TO FURNISH INVESTOR RELATIONS MATERIALS
SUCH AS ELECTRONIC PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORTS
( THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES ) .
WE DO NOT PLACE COOKIES OR CLEAR GIFS ON THE HARD DRIVES OF USERS
VISITING THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES .
Among our top priorities is keeping your Personal Information secure .
We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us so that it can be safeguarded as much as possible from being read or recorded as it travels over the Internet .
You can tell you are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that appears at the bottom of your Internet browser 's window .
These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Site .
In addition , you will see our Site address change slightly , from http : to https : indicating a secure server connection is being used .
The computers that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs firewall and security technology .
We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure .
You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password , including if you set up a wish list , customer account , a registry , or use the Bridal Toolkit .
We recommend you exercise extreme care in protecting your password information and do not publicly share any of your passwords .
You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password , and you are responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or another person or entity using your password , whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you .
Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States .
The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe , confidential and secure environment .
If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site .
ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE ( AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE )
PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM
AND STORED ON THE SITE ,
BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET , WE CANNOT GUARANTEE
THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS ,
TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER , OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE
BY OTHERS , SUCH AS HACKERS .
ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF , UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO , OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS .
BY USING THE SITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS .
