We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Nordstrom and their issuing bank or credit card company .
Additionally , we are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect personal information in their online accounts , including the following :  Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses
Reset your e-mail account password Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters )
Do not use the same password on more than one website Do not share your password with others Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal Visit these additional resources : http : //www.us-cert.gov/cas/tips/ http : //www.microsoft.com/security/pc-security/protect-pc.aspx http : //www.clarkhoward.com/news/clark-howard/technology/clark-howards-virus-spyware-and-malware-protection/
You may come in contact with websites , e-mails or texts that try to lure you into providing personal information with the offer of a Nordstrom gift card .
Nordstrom does not sponsor these offers nor are we affiliated with the promotion originators .
If you become aware of any potentially fraudulent activity on a website or in an e-mail or text , please forward the information to onlinefraud @
nordstrom.com or call us at 1-888-282-6060 so that we can follow up .
We take these matters , and the protection of our customers ' sensitive information , very seriously .
View our Fraud Alerts page .
Nordstrom and its third party service providers may process or store your personal information outside of the United States or Canada and other countries .
In accordance with the laws of those countries , in certain circumstances your personal information may be accessible by foreign law enforcement , regulatory bodies or other authorities .
For more information of our use of foreign service providers please contact us as described below .
Protecting the privacy and security of Nordstrom customer information is a top priority for Nordstrom .
In some cases , Nordstrom partners with outside vendors to help facilitate transactions .
When that is the case , we work closely with the vendor to ensure that the transaction is appropriately handled and all the information you provide is treated with the utmost care .
To sell and fulfill online purchases that customers choose to ship internationally , Nordstrom partners with Borderfree , Inc .
( " Borderfree " ) .
We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your personal information , with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission .
Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for executing international shipping orders .
When you identify your Nordstrom.com order as being shipped internationally , Nordstrom will facilitate your secure Checkout transaction with Borderfree .
On the Checkout page you will be required to submit credit card and personal information ( name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address and phone number ) to Borderfree to complete your order .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from Nordstrom .
Upon completion of your order , Borderfree will notify Nordstrom of the approval of your order , and Nordstrom will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your data collected from their page with Nordstrom , that data is protected by the Nordstrom Privacy Policy .
Any personal information you provide directly to Nordstrom while on Nordstrom.com is controlled and processed by Nordstrom , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 .
Any personal information provided at Checkout is controlled and processed by Borderfree , 55 West 39th Street , 18th Floor , New York , New York 10018 .
If you choose to provide Nordstrom with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
Nordstrom adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority .
We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Nordstrom privacy program assessments .
Nordstrom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , as has Borderfree .
For more information about the Safe Harbor , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect personal information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles .
Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update personal information or change marketing preferences , or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods :  Send an e-mail to intl_privacy @
nordstrom.com , or Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Nordstrom commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Nordstrom using one of the following methods :  
Send an e-mail to intl_privacy @
nordstrom.com , or Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 Nordstrom has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Nordstrom , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint .
To access the Nordstrom In-Store Prosthesis Privacy Policy click here .
To access the Nordstrom Canada Privacy Policy click here .
For more information about our Careers Privacy Policy click here .
As we continue to develop our business , we may undergo a business transition such as acquiring another company , merging with an existing company , or selling a portion of our assets .
In such transitions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
In the unlikely event that Nordstrom , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired or enter a court proceeding , you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that your personal information can continue to be used as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices .
We reserve the right to change this policy , and to apply any changes to information previously collected , as permitted by law .
If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future , we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website .
If you 're not comfortable shopping online ( and would prefer to make your purchase via telephone ) , just give us a call at 1-888-282-6060 .
Our Customer Service Representatives will be happy to assist you .
For your convenience , Nordstrom may link to unaffiliated third party websites .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites .
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at :  Nordstrom Privacy PO Box 21986 Seattle , WA 98111-3986 1-866-554-6591 privacy @
nordstrom.com HauteLook 1212 S. Flower Street , Suite # 300 Los Angeles ,
CA 90015 1-888-547-8438 membercare @
The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only , and are not intended to be exhaustive .
9/20/2013 Zappos.com 's Privacy Policy Shop With Confidence !
Protecting Your Personal Information Privacy Policy Last updated : January 1 , 2013 .
To see what has changed , click here .
Thank you for accessing the Zappos.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc .
We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information .
To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information .
This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information .
Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information .
By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy .
This privacy policy applies to the Site .
This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information .
Please see below for details .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site .
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site .
One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience .
For example , we can use your personal information to :  help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once .
help you quickly find information , products , and services .
help us create content that is most relevant to you .
alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer .
( a ) Registration and Ordering .
Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form .
During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number .
If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date .
We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files .
In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender .
These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes .
If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you .
( b ) Email Addresses .
Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us .
We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes .
We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners .
By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes .
( c ) Cookies and Other Technology .
Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage .
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site .
We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products .
If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase .
THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .
Our cookies are not spyware .
( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times .
For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon .
We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf .
These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) .
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us .
As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased .
Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us .
( d ) Log Files .
As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site .
We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes .
( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet. )  
( e ) Age .
We respect children 's privacy .
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 .
Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you .
( f ) Product Reviews .
You may choose to submit a product review .
If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location .
If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) .
Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review .
We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information .
( g ) Bizrate Reviews .
Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores .
After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience .
This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback .
Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com , not us , and is governed by their privacy policy , available at http : //shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html .
Information Use and Disclosure .
( a ) Internal Use .
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service .
We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site .
In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control .
( b ) Communications with You :
We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries .
Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us .
We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance. )  
Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you .
We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) .
Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders .
We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection .
We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :  ( i )
As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf .
When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service .
For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information .
We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S. Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party .
In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number .
Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers .
When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( More on this below in Data Security. )  
In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction .
When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law .
We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others .
For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud .
( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business .
However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets .
If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect .
( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners .
This information does not directly personally identify you or any user .
( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners .
The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site .
We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities .
Access to your personal information is restricted .
Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information .
Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware .
We believe that their security procedures are adequate .
For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall .
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security .
100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline .
Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account .
You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http : //www.zappos.com/cs.zhtml , or by telephoning , or emailing your request to Zappos.com 's Customer Loyalty Team 1-800-943-1633 or :  cs @
Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information .
As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information .
We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information .
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions .
When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question .
When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption .
( See the Data Security section above for more information ) .
Another example involves faxes .
If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information .
There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses .
As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices .
If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated .
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy , please contact us at 1-800-943-1633 or cs @
Effective January 1 , 2013 Go to the Homepage Have questions ?
The Zappos Customer Loyalty Team ( ZCLT ) is happy to help !
Call ZCLT 24 hours a day - 365 days a year :  1-800-927-7671 or Email Zappos Customer Loyalty Team Overstock.com Privacy and Security Policy Overstock.com , Inc .
( Overstock.com , Overstock , we , us , or our as appropriate ) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to inform you of the following : what information we collect , when we collect it , how and why we collect it , how we use it , how we protect it , how we share it and what choices you have regarding our collection and use of this information .
This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites : http : //www.overstock.com , http : //www.o.info , and http : //www.o.biz ( collectively and individually , the Sites ) .
Entering the Sites constitutes your acceptance and agreement to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy , please do not enter the Sites .
Your billing and delivery address
Your e-mail address
Your phone ( or mobile ) number
Your credit/debit card number Information on how you are using the Sites
Your purchase/return/exchange information
When You purchase , order , return , exchange or request information about our products and services from the Sites or mobile applications .
You create an Overstock.com account You connect with Overstock.com regarding customer service via our customer service center , or on social media platforms .
You visit the Sites or participate in interactive features of the Sites or mobile applications .
You use a social media service , for example , Overstock.com 's Facebook page or YouTube channel .
You sign up for e-mails , mobile messages , or social media notifications from Overstock.com .
You enter a contest or sweepstakes , respond to one of our surveys , or participate in a focus group .
You provide us with comments , suggestions , or other input You interact with any of the Sites through your computer , tablet or mobile device
We may use tracking pixels/web beacons , cookies and or other technologies to receive and store certain types of information .
This information includes Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , date/time stamp and clickstream data .
This information helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant .
It also allows us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits .
This includes Overstock.com content presented on other websites or mobile applications .
In order to provide the best customer experience possible , we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts .
We allow third-party companies to collect anonymous information when you visit the Sites and to use that information to serve ads for Overstock.com products or services or for products or services of other companies when you visit the Sites or other websites .
These companies may use anonymous information ( e.g. , navigational , non-personally identifiable information , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , etc. )  during your visits to the Sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you .
These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon , or other technologies , to collect this information .
To opt out of third-party vendors ' cookies , see the What Choices Do You Have ?
section of this privacy policy for instruction how to do so .
In order to improve customer online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our customer care representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information , including , but not limited to , login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited , specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. , information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information .
We may also obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers ( e.g. , adding address information ) .
This may improve our ability to contact you and improve the relevancy of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you .
Any information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. , a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and other participants , and could be used to personalize your experience .
You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances .
Mobile Privacy Overstock.com offers mobile applications ( commonly known as " apps " ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about sales events , or receive other information from Overstock .
All information collected by Overstock.com via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy .
Although you do not have to provide your location information to Overstock.com to use our mobile applications , our services require a zip code to function .
If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings .
Product and Service Fulfillment Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information , or to otherwise serve you Provide any requested services Administer sweepstakes and contests
Marketing Purposes Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , receipt messages , e-mails , and mobile messages
Send marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions
Internal Operations Improve the effectiveness of the Sites , mobile experience , and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy Fraud Prevention To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business Legal Compliance To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas Security Methods
We maintain technical , administrative , physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us .
To guard this information , the Sites use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Overstock.com is able to decode the information .
E-mail Security Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information . "
Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your information .
If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for certain information , do not respond .
Though we might ask you your name , we will never request your password , credit card information or other information through e-mail .
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved .
We are committed to protecting children 's privacy and we comply fully with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Overstock.com will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent .
If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Overstock.com , for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files .
We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Overstock.com and their issuing bank or credit card company .
We are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect information in their online accounts , including the following :
Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses Reset
your e-mail account passwords frequently Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters )
Do not use the same password on more than one website Do not share your password with others Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal General Policy
We do not sell or rent customer information to third parties ; except , under limited circumstances outlined below , we may share information with third parties .
We share information we collect within the Sites and Overstock.com family , which includes all Overstock.com subsidiaries and affiliates .
The Overstock.com family may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you .
We may share information with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , or data enhancement provider ) or that help us market our products and services .
These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions .
These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose .
Legal Requirements We may disclose information you provide to us when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our customers or others .
At your direction or request , we may share your information .
If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers .
We also may retain a copy of that customer information .
E-mail Promotional E-mail
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , click here .
You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt-out link included in each e-mail .
It may take up to 10 business days before you stop receiving promotional e-mails .
Transactional E-mail From time to time , we may send non-commercial electronic email messages with important information about us or the Sites to your email address .
We regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order .
Mobile We may distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested this information via an opt-in request .
Customers will be able to opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign .
The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time .
If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Overstock.com features .
To opt-out of third-party vendor 's cookies on other websites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website , click here http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional communication from us , call us at ( 800 ) 843-2446 to opt out .
This opt out does not apply to operational communication , for example , confirmation of delivery address .
In order to keep your information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of your information in the following ways : If you have created an Overstock.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information .
o Contact us with your current contact information and the information you would like to access .
We will provide you the information requested if reasonably available , or will describe more fully the types of information we typically collect .
This privacy policy applies to all current or former customer information collected by or provided to Overstock .
The Sites may offer links to other sites .
If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site .
In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site .
In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link .
You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information .
In some cases , Overstock.com has partnered with companies [ e.g. , FiftyOne , Inc. , who does business under the name FiftyOne , and PayPal , Inc .
( PayPal ) , collectively , Vendors ] as outside vendors that we have selected to help us facilitate international transactions .
We work closely with these Vendors to ensure that your transaction is handled with care and all the information you provide is secure .
As an international customer , when you click on the checkout button , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by FiftyOne to complete your order .
On the checkout page , you will be required to select a method of payment and submit credit card and other information to FiftyOne to complete your order .
On the checkout page , you will be presented with FiftyOne 's terms and conditions which you must agree to in order to complete your order .
Upon completion and approval of your order by FiftyOne , FiftyOne will notify us of the approval and we will process your order and cause it to be shipped directly to FiftyOne .
In this process , FiftyOne will purchase those items in your order from us , thereby taking title to the items , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the delivery of your order .
In this process , FiftyOne makes the sale to you as the merchant of record , but we are legally obligated to deliver your order as set forth in our Terms and Conditions .
If you have questions about your order , you should direct them to us and not to FiftyOne .
The Vendors may give you the opportunity to receive marketing messages from them , in which case you should refer to their terms and conditions for details about how they use your information .
The Vendors have assured us that they will process information received from you with at least the same level of privacy protection as set forth in the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
If you choose to provide us and/or the Vendors with information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on servers located in the United States .
Any information you provide us is controlled and processed by Overstock.com , Inc. , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , Utah 84121 , USA or its suppliers ( where indicated herein ) .
As mentioned herein , your information provided at checkout will be controlled and processed a Vendor .
Overstock.com complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority .
We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Overstock privacy program assessments .
Overstock.com has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles .
Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update information or change marketing preferences or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods : Send an e-mail to customercare @
overstock.com Call our customer care line at ( 801 )
947-3100 Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Overstock.com commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact
Overstock.com using one of the following methods : Send an e-mail to customercare @
overstock.com Call our customer care line at ( 801 )
947-3100 Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA Overstock.com has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Overstock.com , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at http : //www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint .
By interacting with Overstock , you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy .
We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 9 , 2013 .
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our Sites .
This Privacy Policy will advise you about our guidelines concerning the use of your personal information , including , without limitation , the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accord with these guidelines , and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information .
Please read this policy carefully .
We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Sites .
We will post those changes here so that you will always know our policies regarding what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone .
Please refer back to this policy regularly .
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ bodybuilding.com or contact us at :
5777 N Meeker Ave , Boise , ID 83713 , USA .
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of all the sites and services owned or operated by Bodybuilding.com ( collectively " we , " " us , " or " our " ) , including Bodybuilding.com , BodySource.com and any other site that we may own or operate currently or in the future ( collectively , the " Site " or " Sites " ) .
Unless we say otherwise , all references to the Sites in this policy include all such sites .
This policy does not apply to your use of sites to which any of the Sites link .
This policy covers only information collected on the Sites and does not cover any information collected offline by us .
We may request personal identification information from you ( such as your name , street address , telephone number , credit card number , e-mail address , and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you ) in connection with your use of , or participation in , membership registration for Bodybuilding.com , our contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , surveys , forums , subscription registrations , content submissions , chats , bulletin boards , discussion groups , requests for suggestions , visitors ' requests for free products or services , or additional information ( including via e-mail to us ) , and in connection with other activities , services , features or resources we make available on any of our Sites .
In all of these cases , we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us .
Except as otherwise provided in this policy , we reasonably endeavor to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission ( through opt-in or similar procedures ) except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law .
Further , we may contact you based on the information you provide online whether in connection with your registration or in such places as the above described forums .
If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities , we may use it to conduct the activity .
We may also use cookie technology and Web beacons ( discussed in detail below ) to improve your experience of these activities , including to remember your preferences , customize the content and advertisements that you see or authenticate your access to your personal information .
In addition , in the event that your personally identifiable information is requested as part of our surveys , polls or promotions , such personally identifiable information may be added to your registration information .
We may also contact you to confirm your registration and communicate about your account status , as well as regarding changes to the Sites ' Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy .
If you give us your permission , we may also use personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes .
On occasion , for example , we may send you e-mails to introduce a product or a service that we think might be of interest to the users of our Sites .
For us to obtain your permission to send you this information , we will give you an opportunity to " opt-in " at the time our request for your personal information is made .
If you do " opt-in , " you may choose to " opt-out " at any time , even after you have provided personal information , by following the procedures set forth below at the end of this Privacy Policy .
Please note , however , that under certain circumstances , if you initially do not choose to " opt-in , " or if you later " opt-out , " you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name , e-mail address , telephone number or other personal identification information is needed .
We have the following exceptions to these policies : We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute or court order .
We will also release specific information in special cases , such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites , or a physical or property threat to you or others .
We may also transfer user information , including personally identifiable information , in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , the sale of related assets or corporate division , or other fundamental corporate change .
We may provide access to your personally identifiable information to our contractors who are performing services for us in connection with our Sites or the services that you have requested .
In addition , on occasion , we may collect personal identification information from you in connection with optional contests , special offers or promotions .
We will share such information with necessary third parties for the purpose of carrying out the contest , special offer or promotion .
Your participation in the contest , special offer or promotion constitutes your consent to such disclosure and use of such information .
Further , the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors , financial gateways , and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments .
Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions .
Also , personal information that you submit may be shared with Liberty Media , Inc. , our parent company .
Please see the Liberty Media website for more information about Liberty Media 's Privacy Policy .
Please note that if you give out personal information online - for example , on one of our public forums such as a message board or chat room , folder or chat IM feature - that information can be collected and used by third parties .
Although we strive to protect our users ' privacy , we can not guarantee the security of information you post in these forums and have no control over how such third parties may use your information .
You disclose such information at your own risk .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password .
You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration , whether or not authorized by you .
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration or password .
We collect non-personal identification information through the use of , without limitation , the following types of methodology : " Cookie " technology : A " cookie " is an element of data that a website can send to your browser , which may then store it on your system . "
IP address tracking " :
An " IP address " is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet .
When you request pages from our Sites , our servers log your IP address . "
Web beacons " : A " Web beacon , " or " clear gif , " is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user . Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use , the type of computer , technical information about your means of connection to our Sites such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized , and other similar information .
Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online .
We use such information for our business purposes , and , in particular , to administer the Sites , better manage advertising on the Sites , and , in the aggregate , to understand how our users as a group use the services , features and other resources provided on our Sites .
This way we know which areas of our Sites are favorites of our users , which areas need improvement , and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our Sites .
We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners , suppliers and other third parties , but we will not share any individual names , personal navigational or other personal information .
For example , we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Sites .
We may share demographic and preference information with this company to allow them to display appropriate advertisements for you .
We use a proprietary advertising server to display ads on our Sites .
In addition , advertisers may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve ads onto our Sites .
Some of our advertisers may display ads on our Sites that may use cookie technology or Web beacons to ( i ) identify non-personal information about our users ( such as connection speed , browser and country of origin ) and ( ii ) track user behavior within our Sites .
Advertisers generally use such information to customize the display of ads within our Sites .
We will not permit such advertisers to collect any personal information from our users within our Sites , however , you may choose to voluntarily provide the advertisers with your personal information .
We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
Further , from time-to-time we contract with a third party web analytics provider to help manage and optimize our Sites .
We use this service to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Sites .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookie technology on the Sites .
The type of information we collect includes such information as the number of hits a webpage receives , type of browser used , and number of times a visitor makes a purchase from a particular promotion .
By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which products and services most interest our users , and what kinds of offers our users like to see .
Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from our Sites on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used .
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( " COPPA " ) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from children under 13 years of age .
Our Sites are not directed at children under 13 years of age but , we recognize that with proper adult supervision some parents might permit their children to visit our Sites and use our online services .
COPPA requires that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of our Sites .
When your child attempts to register and/or provide personal information to Bodybuilding.com , we require a parent or legal guardian to :  Register their child by completing the Permission to Participate Form and returning it , by facsimile or postal mail , to us as set forth on the form ; Review our Privacy Policy and verify that the child 's parent or guardian knows about and authorizes our information practices related to children protected by COPPA ; and Verify via email confirmation a second authorization that the parent or guardian consents to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
Send such email authorizations to coppa @
Once parental notice and consent has been verified , the information we collect will be treated the same as information collected from any other user .
Without verified parental notice and consent , we will not knowingly collect personal information relating to children under 13 years of age , and if we learn that we have inadvertently collected such information , we will promptly delete it .
In compliance with COPPA , a parent or legal guardian may request from us to review , delete or stop the collection of personally identifiable information relating to their child or any child in their legal custody who is under 13 years of age .
You may do so by following the instructions below regarding Access to/Correction of Information .
If you request that no further information about your child be collected or used , we will be required to terminate your child 's ability to use any part of the service or feature that requires a user to " sign in. "  
To learn more about COPPA , please visit this page :  http :
//www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html
Users will find advertising or other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of our partners , suppliers , advertisers , sponsors , licensors and other third parties .
We do not control the content or links that appear on those sites .
In addition , those sites or services , including their content and links , may be constantly changing .
Those sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies , or no policy ( policies ) at all .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information .
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority .
We have taken reasonable measures to secure both your information and our physical premises .
We exercise reasonable care in providing safe transmission of your information from your PC to our servers ( unless sent by a means outside of our control , such as e-mail ) .
However , we can not guaranty that our measures will completely bar unauthorized access to your information , and by using the Sites you assume this risk .
If you would like to review any personal information we have retained about you in our database , please send us an e-mail request for this information at webmaster @ bodybuilding.com .
To help us address your request , please specify which information you wish to review .
Once you have reviewed this information , at your request we will correct personal information about you that you state is erroneous .
To request such a correction , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ bodybuilding.com .
You should be aware , however , that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request .
Please also understand that due to the volume of traffic on the Sites and correspondence received , we can not make any representations about the timeliness of the making of such modifications .
In addition , we are unable to modify your information in the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy .
Customers making purchases at the Bodybuilding.com Store with a Ship To Address in the states of Florida , Idaho , and Pennsylvania will not have the current rate of sales tax added to their shopping cart but Bodybuilding.com will remit the current rate of sales tax to the appropriate State Sales Tax Authority for each such qualifying sale .
If you " opt-in " to receive information from us , you can change your mind later .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please be sure to opt out of these features .
All of these communications provide the ability for you to opt out of future communications through an ' unsubscribe ' link at the bottom of the communication .
If you sign up to enter a sweepstakes or contest , you are opted in to receive email communications .
When submitting your information for these purposes , you will see the following message : " By submitting your email you are agreeing to receive promotional emails from Bodybuilding.com .
You may opt out at any time. "  
We do not sell your email or other contact information to third parties .
Even if you opt out of receiving notices regarding our Terms of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Bodybuilding.com and orders placed with Bodybuilding.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes .
You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers , although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request , and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy .
The Sites are operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States .
By using our Website , participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information , you consent to this transfer .
By using any of the Sites , you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy , your promise to comply with the representations you make and contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and your understanding of the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
If you do not agree to these policies , please do not use our Sites .
Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes .
Last modified on August 8 , 2013 .
At Staples , your privacy is as important to us as it is to you .
Our Customer Personal Information Privacy Policy defines how Staples protects your privacy .
This Privacy Policy describes :  Why we collect Personal Information
What Personal Information we collect and when it is collected How your Personal Information is used and protected When and with whom your Personal Information is shared What to do if you feel your Personal Information has been compromised This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and Web sites offered by Staples , Inc. , our subsidiaries and affiliated companies .
Staples offers many different Web sites for many different business purposes .
As this Privacy Policy applies to all of our Web sites , they are collectively referred to as Web site throughout this policy .
The Web site is also governed by its Terms of Use .
If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy directly conflict with the Terms of Use , the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us through our Web site or write to us at :  privacy @
staples.com OR Privacy and Compliance Staples 500 Staples Drive , Framingham , MA 01702
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual .
This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future .
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual .
This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future .
While we limit the information we collect , we do collect Personal Information when you :  Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site Create an account on our Web site Make a purchase at one of our retail stores Return an item , make an exchange or submit a rebate Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service Request a catalog Receive a gift package Sign up for Staples email updates or other promotional materials
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion Participate in a marketing survey , promotion or event Apply for a Staples credit card account
In order to provide our full range of services , we may collect Personal Information including :  Name Address Telephone number Fax number Email address Transaction information Credit card , debit card or checking account information Driver 's license number and expiration date ( in conjunction with merchandise returns and credit checks )
Age/date of birth ( in conjunction with promotions , for credit card applications and credit checks )
Social Security number ( in conjunction with credit applications only ) Employment history ( in conjunction with credit applications only )
In order to provide you with a better shopping experience and to improve the quality of our services , we may combine the information you submit under your account with other information that we may receive from you , or from third parties , or with other public demographic information .
We maintain this information , along with a record of your purchases , in a restricted database .
There are some services provided by Staples that require us to become temporary custodians of your equipment that may contain your Personal Information .
These services typically involve a personal computer .
Staples does not retain information from these devices once the requested services are complete .
Also , our Web site is not directed at collecting Personal Information from children and we do not actively collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 .
At Staples , we always want to provide you with the easiest and best possible shopping experience from the time you begin looking for products and services through the delivery of your requested items .
The information that we collect lets us meet this goal by allowing us to :  Customize your shopping experience Confirm , process and track your orders Provide the products and services you request Contact you with questions or status updates regarding an order Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online Fulfill gift card orders Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests Identify your product and service preferences Communicate great values and featured items to you Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Staples email updates Improve our merchandise selection , Web site , retail experience and customer service Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk Administer billing and payment for your purchases Administer promotions , contests , sweepstakes and rewards programs
Administer branded credit cards Comply with applicable law , legal procedures , requirements , regulations and statutes
Staples does offer some of our services in connection with affiliated companies as well as other third parties .
Third-party Web sites may have different privacy practices than described in this Privacy Policy .
We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies associated with third-party Web sites as this Privacy Policy applies only to the Staples Web site , Staples ' services and Staples ' handling of Personal Information .
Personal Information that you provide to third-party Web sites may be sent to Staples in order to deliver the services you have requested .
You can be assured that we will process Personal Information that we receive from these Web sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
To further improve your shopping experience , Staples partners with third-party vendors to evaluate how the Web site is used and to provide continuous improvement for our services .
Like most Web sites , we use " cookies " for a variety of purposes to improve your visits to the Web site .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record-keeping purposes .
For example , we use cookies to understand which Web pages are visited and how often they are visited , to remember you when you return to the Web site , and to generally make the Web site more user friendly .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You may decide to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent .
However , if you do decide to refuse all cookies , please be aware that some Web site features and Staples services may be unavailable or may not function properly .
Browser settings , including do not track signals and other mechanisms , will not affect data collection and not constitute an opt-out of advertising-related cookies , personalized third-party advertising , or promotional messages from Staples ; you must use the opt-out choices described herein in order to opt-out from such promotional messages .
To opt out of Staples advertising-related cookies , follow the links for our partners below :  General cookie tracking opt-out : http : //www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product# optout Customized content display opt-out :
Targeting Opt-out More information : http : //www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product Doubleclick : http : //www.doubleclick.com
/com/us/
about_doubleclick/privacy/ Choices for Receiving Promotional Material
You may also decide to opt out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from Staples .
Simply notify us of this decision by one of these methods :  Follow the unsubscribe link on any promotional email received from Staples Send an email to us at support @
Call us toll free at 800-333-3330 Fax us toll free at 877-490-2660 Write to us at Staples Direct Marketing Services 500
Staples Drive Framingham , MA 01702
Please note that any opt-out request sent via postal mail may take at least sixty ( 60 ) days to become effective .
You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from sources other than Staples or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you .
You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date .
In the normal course of business , Staples shares Personal Information with third parties .
We do this in the following limited circumstances :  Personal Information is provided to our subsidiaries , affiliated companies or other third parties for the purpose of processing the information on our behalf .
We require that these parties agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose Personal Information as reasonably necessary to : ( a ) satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against imminent harm to the rights , property or safety of Staples , its customers or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may disclose a customer 's name , phone number , postal address and/or ordering information to carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes so that they may notify individuals of offers or services that may be of interest .
We do not provide credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes .
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated , non-Personal Information , such as how many customers viewed a particular product or Web page .
Such information would not identify you individually .
We may disclose and/or transfer Personal Information to a third party in connection with a merger , acquisition or sale ( including any transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving Staples or its affiliated companies or as part of a corporate reorganization , stock or asset sale , or other change in corporate control .
Staples processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected .
The information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy , any additional privacy notices that may be associated with the service we are supplying , applicable law , or your authorization or consent .
Staples maintains reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information .
When you enter Personal Information that contains a Social Security number , driver 's license number , or credit or debit card number in the designated and secured sections of our Web site , the information will be encrypted or encoded before it is sent over the Internet .
Personal Information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical , administrative and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards .
Staples processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries .
In some cases , we may process your Personal Information on a server outside your own country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law .
Staples takes reasonable steps to verify that the Personal Information we store and process is accurate , complete and current .
We also depend on our customers to update or correct their online profiles and to contact us with changes in Personal Information whenever necessary by one of the following means :  Follow the unsubscribe link or Update Your Email Preferences
link on any promotional email received from Staples
Send an email to us at support @
Call us toll-free at 800-333-3330 Fax us toll-free at 877-490-2660 Write to us at Staples Direct Marketing Services 500
Staples Drive Framingham , MA 01702
Unless otherwise required by law or for legitimate business purposes , we will make good-faith efforts to correct or delete such data at your request when you notify us of an error or change in your Personal Information .
To prevent unauthorized changes to someone 's Personal Information , we ask individual customers to positively identify themselves before processing such requests .
We reserve the right to charge a small fee to process any request to update , correct or delete Personal Information .
We also may decline to process requests that require a disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
Staples regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy .
Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Staples ' treatment of Personal Information to us through the Web site or by writing to us at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document .
If we receive a written complaint , it is Staples ' policy to contact the customer regarding his or her concerns .
We will investigate complaints promptly and diligently to address your concerns and resolve any dispute quickly .
What to Do if You Believe Someone Has Improperly Used Your Personal Data
If you believe that someone has improperly accessed or used your personally identifiable information supplied to Staples or has made purchases at Staples that you did not authorize , please contact us immediately .
Here are some additional things that you can do to protect yourself from identity theft if you think that your Personal Information has been compromised :  Review Your Account Statements .
Carefully review your bank , credit card and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid .
Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer .
Check Your Credit Report .
Check your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct .
You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228 .
Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly .
If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies , contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report .
Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file .
The fraud alert requests that creditors contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts .
You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of the three consumer reporting agencies listed below .
You need to contact only one of the three agencies ; the one you contact is required by law to contact the other two .
You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies , free of charge .
The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days .
Equifax Experian TransUnion P.O .
Box 740241 Atlanta , GA 30374 800-525-6285 P.O .
Box 9532 Allen , TX 75013 888-397-3742 P.O .
Box 6790 Fullerton , CA 92834
800-680-7289 www.equifax.com www.experian.com
www.transunion.com Consult the Federal Trade Commission .
For more guidance on steps you can take to protect your information , you also can contact the Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov/idtheft , or at 877-ID-THEFT ( 877-438-4338 ) , or at the Identity Theft Clearinghouse , Federal Trade Commission , 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW , Washington , DC 20580 .
Staples complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Staples has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Staples 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
For California Residents Privacy Rights under California Civil Code Sections
1798.84 California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
The notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared , along with their names and addresses .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document .
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice .
Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified by its effective date found at the top of this document .
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us anytime through this Web site or at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document .
( United States and Puerto Rico )
Last Updated December 31 , 2013
This privacy statement ( also referred to as Costco 's Privacy Policy ) explains our privacy practices for our customers who : ( 1 ) shop in our United States and Puerto Rico warehouses or ( 2 ) use our website , www.costco.com .
COSTCO 'S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
We respect your right to privacy .
We do not sell , rent , share or disclose personal information to third parties without your prior consent , except in the circumstances described in this Privacy Statement .
In addition , your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us .
This privacy statement explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and protection of personal information .
The links below provide detailed information about our privacy practices : What is Personal Information ?
Collection of Personal Information Use of Personal Information by Costco Sharing of Personal Information Order Fulfillment Member Services
Our Contractors Primary Account Holder Tobacco Rebates for Business Members
Other Uses and Disclosures Protection of Personal and Credit Card Information Choice Health Care Centers Health Care Centers Pharmacies Online Specifics Online Information Gathering and Use Links to Other Web Sites Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information Apps/Mobile Specifics SMS
( Text ) Messages Costco Apps Use of the Costco.com Site by Children Questions or Concerns Changes to this Statement Personal information is information that identifies an individual or that can be reasonably associated with a specific person or entity , such as a name , contact information , Internet ( IP ) address and information about an individual 's purchases and online shopping .
Personal information also includes medical information collected through our pharmacies , hearing aid centers and optical centers ( see Health Care Centersbelow ) .
As a convenience to our Members , we allow the primary cardholder to add his/her spouse or others to a membership account .
We collect the personal information that you provide us , such as when you : sign up for or renew your Costco membership ; register to use costco.com or sign up for news or notifications of specials or other promotions on costco.com ; place an order or purchase products or services , online or otherwise ; contact us for any reason ; participate in a survey or promotion ; or sign up for or participate in our various Member Services ( see Member Services below ) .
We may automatically collect some information when you visit our website , such as your computer 's IP address and operating system , the site from which you linked to us , your site activity , the time and date of your visit , and your purchases .
This information may be collected through the use of " cookies " and web beacons ( see Online Specifics below ) .
We also receive information from third parties who help us correct our records , prevent fraud , and provide Member Services or special promotions or products ( see Member Services below ) .
We may combine any of this information with the other personal information we maintain about you .
The personal information we collect is generally used to process your requests or transactions , provide you with high-quality service , tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest and administer your account , including distribution of our own surveys and publications .
For example , we may :
Alert you about product recalls or safety issues ; Communicate membership opportunities and programs ; and Provide you with promotional information , such as coupons , offers and product recommendations , or information about Member Services ( " Promotional Information " ) .
If you prefer not to receive Promotional Information from us , we make it easy for you to let us know .
You may contact us at any time to decline Promotional Information ( see Choice below ) .
We share information in these circumstances : Order Fulfillment We may provide to a third party information as necessary to fulfill an order you have placed with us .
For example , we may provide your address to a shipper , and if you pay by a credit or debit card , your card number and sales transaction information are passed to the card processor and/or issuer ( including their service providers such as fraud verification services ) .
However , we give suppliers , and others involved in the distribution chain only the information needed to provide you the products or services you order , and we require them to keep the information confidential and not to use it for other purposes .
We are not responsible for any information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them .
We offer special products and services to our members through third parties , such as rebates , financial , travel , insurance and other business and consumer services ( " Member Services " ) .
We may share your name , postal address , email address and membership status , number and type ( " Member Information " ) with these third parties in order to notify you of their offerings , to determine whether , or at what level , you qualify for the products , offerings or services , and to evaluate new and existing products , offerings or services .
If you prefer that we not share Member Information with third parties , you can contact us at any time ( see Choice below ) .
However , if you apply for or request certain products , offerings or services , information you provide will be shared directly with the third parties who will be providing the requested products , offerings or services .
If you apply for an American Express Card through Costco , we will collect the application on behalf of American Express .
These third parties are required to use personal information we share only to provide the requested services .
We are not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices and policies before disclosing information to them .
Information you provide to third parties , may in turn be shared with us along with information about your use of the services .
In some cases , these third parties may require as a condition of providing services to you that you authorize them to share information with us .
If we terminate our relationship with a third party , information you provided to them may be returned to us , and we may provide that information to a new third party offering the same or similar services .
Our Contractors We may contract with others to perform services on our behalf .
For example , we might retain a company to process credit card payments , ship merchandise , distribute emails , process rebates or analyze data .
If any of these service providers need access to your personal information , we require them to use it only to perform the services for us .
We also require that they maintain the confidentiality of the information and/or return the information to us when they no longer need it .
Primary Account Holder Each membership account has an individual primary account holder who is authorized to designate and remove add-on members and make other account management decisions .
We may disclose Personal Information that relates to activities occurring under the account to the primary account holder .
Tobacco Rebates for Business Members
As a service to our Business Members who purchase tobacco products for resale , we provide information to the tobacco manufacturers ' representative to process retail incentives .
The information we provide is the business Member 's name , address , the brand name , and the amount of tobacco products purchased .
Pursuant to California law , if you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose this information on your behalf , you can notify us ( see Choice below ) .
In addition , we may use or disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized to do so , or that doing so is reasonably necessary to protect you , to comply with legal process or authorities , to respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Costco Wholesale , our Members , our employees or the public .
If your membership was purchased for you as an employee benefit , we may share your name , address and membership level ( Gold Star , Business or Executive ) , but no other personal information , with your employer .
Information about our Members , including personal information , may be disclosed or transferred as part of , or during negotiations of , any merger or sale of company assets or acquisition .
We have physical , administrative and technical security measures in place to protect personal information from loss , misuse or alteration while it is under our control .
We are required to collect , process and maintain payment card information in accordance with the data security rules adopted by credit card companies such as Visa , MasterCard and American Express .
This means that we do not retain debit card PINs or credit card security codes , and that any time we maintain a credit card number , such as when you create an online account , we must limit access to it and use strong encryption to protect it .
Further , when you enter personal information online , that information is encrypted prior to transmission using a security protocol called SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) .
We also use SSL to allow you to securely view your online account and registration information .
Online account information is accessible only by using a password .
You must keep your password confidential .
You are responsible for all uses of www.costco.com by anyone using your password .
Please advise us immediately at customerservice @
if you believe your password has been misused .
We give you choices related to your personal information , and numerous methods to inform us of your decision .
Your choice to opt-out will not apply to your spouse and any add-on members .
If you do not want us to share Member Information ( see Member Services ) with third parties , you can : ( a ) check the opt-out box on our membership applications ;
( b ) follow the opt-out instructions on your renewal notices ; ( c ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ;
( d ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ;
( e ) email us at customerservice @
costco.com ; or ( f ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 .
If you do not want to receive Promotional Information ( see Use of Personal Information by Costco ) or information about Member Services , you can : ( a ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( b ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ;
( c ) email us at customerservice @
costco.com ; or ( d ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 .
If you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose information about your tobacco purchases , you can : ( a ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( b ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ;
( c ) email us at customerservice @
costco.com or ( d ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 .
If you do not want to receive promotional emails , you can : ( a ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( b ) email us at customerservice @
( c ) write us at : Customer Service , P.O .
Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 ; ( d ) click the provided " unsubscribe " link in any email to unsubscribe ; or ( e ) access " My Account " if you are a registered user of costco.com , and check the opt-out box .
If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address .
If you receive emails from the online Photo Center or one of our services providers ( see Member Services )
you will need to specifically opt out of these special purpose emails .
There will be an opportunity to do this on the email itself , and you may opt out of Photo Center emails by logging into your Photo Center account .
If you do not want us to track your activity on Costco.com , you can access "
My Account " if you are a registered user and check the opt-out box .
If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address .
We appreciate the importance of safeguarding the privacy of your personal health information and consequently we have special procedures to protect this sensitive information provided to our pharmacies , and optical and hearing aid departments ( " Health Care Centers " ) .
Personal health information includes your prescription information , your Pharmacy Patient Profile and other related information .
Review our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers .
If you are an Executive Member , your purchase information from our Health Care Centers will be combined with your other personal information to calculate your Executive Member 2 % Reward , subject to the terms and conditions of that program .
This section explains our policy with respect to the uses of personal pharmacy information , whether you use our services online or in a warehouse pharmacy .
Prescription information is stored in an electronic system separate from all other member stored personal information .
To fill your prescriptions , we collect your name , address , telephone number , age , gender , allergies , and other prescription-related information .
We are required by law to collect this type of information to identify potentially dangerous drug interactions or other health concerns .
We use this information to process your order , contact you with any questions and provide you with the counseling you may require .
Our pharmacist database is maintained separately from other Member databases .
Only licensed pharmacists , specifically authorized staff , and others permitted by law to view this database , are allowed to do so .
When you use our services , you consent to our use and disclosure of your personal health information for purposes of treatment , payment or health care operations .
We do not otherwise sell , share , rent or disclose personal information collected from our pharmacy pages or maintained in pharmacist records unless you have authorized such disclosure , or such disclosure is permitted or required by law .
Additional terms regarding the confidentiality of your prescription information are explained in our confidentiality of personal pharmacy information page located on our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers and incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference .
Please review these terms so that you understand how they affect your actions and information .
Information Gathering and Use .
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer .
They enable us to monitor online activity .
We use this information to help optimize your shopping experience .
For example , we may customize our home page for you , better display pages according to your browser type , and/or deliver customized product recommendations and email .
To opt out of these features see Choices .
Cookies are not spyware , and Costco does not collect multi-site data , share information with others that we gather through cookies or allow others to gather information on our site using cookies .
Currently our site does not respond to Do Not Track features enabled through your browser .
Like most web sites , our servers log your IP address , the URL from which you accessed our site , your browser type , and the date and time of your purchases and other activities .
We use this information for system administration , troubleshooting , fraud investigation and communications from Costco ( only ) .
Finally , we use web beacons to determine when and how many times a page has been viewed .
Again , we use this information for our own marketing purposes .
Your browser will accept cookies and allow automatic collection of information unless you change the browser default settings .
If cookies are disabled the web site will not load properly .
Currently our site does not respond to " do not track " mechanisms .
Links to Other Sites From our web site you can link to websites of third parties who we allow to offer goods and services to our members or who provide functions and amenities to our site , such as product information and reviews .
If it is not clear from the context that you are being directed to a third party site , we endeavor to notify you that you are visiting a site where a different privacy policy applies .
In general , any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of websites to which we link .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information .
Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information
You may update , review or correct your online account information at any time by accessing your password-protected registration page via the " My Account " area of the Web site .
You also may email us at customerservice @
costco.com or call us at 800-774-2678 .
To update prescription-related information , access the patient profile page at our online pharmacy site .
To update general membership information , such as a change of address , please see below .
SMS ( Text ) Messages
We will send you SMS (
text ) communications only if you consent to receive them .
We may send you information customized based on your area code , but we do not automatically collect any information that discloses your physical location .
You may review our terms of SMS service here .
Before we collect or send location-specific information , we will ask for your consent .
You may use the app without consenting to this , and you may withdraw your consent by changing your selection within the app .
Your general consent to your mobile service provider to allow ( or disallow ) location-based services does not automatically apply to us .
In general , you do not need to provide any personal information to use our app .
If you wish to make a purchase through the app , however , you must create an account .
Personal information you provide is subject to this Costco.com Privacy Statement .
In addition , as with any online service , our app automatically collects information such as an IP address , the unique identifier of your mobile device and the URL from which you accessed our app ( see Online Specifics ) .
Neither your name nor telephone number are automatically collected .
It is not possible to opt out of providing information automatically collected through our apps .
Providers who supply the technology necessary for us to create the app may share in the receipt of automatically collected information .
We restrict their use of personal information to the purpose of providing services to Costco .
In addition , you should review the privacy statements published by your mobile carrier and by your device manufacturer .
Either or both of them may automatically collect information .
Costco does not have access to information you provide to or that is automatically collected by these third parties .
Our apps may provide links to Costco service providers ( see Member Services ) and other third parties ( see Links to Other Sites ) .
Except as described in this Privacy Statement , Costco does not sell or share with third parties any information you provide or information automatically collected through our app .
We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children 's use of the Internet .
We do not intend to collect information from children who are under 18 years of age .
If you are under 18 , you should not provide information on the costco.com website or app .
In addition , individuals under the age of 18 may not fill , refill or transfer a prescription on costco.com .
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or would like to contact us for any reason , you can do the following :
Visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; Call our Membership Service representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; Email us at customerservice @
costco.com ; or Write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 .
We may change this privacy statement at any time , but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated .
We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your Personal Information will be used .
If we make a material change to how we use Personal Information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement , we will communicate the changes in advance .
This policy was last updated on July 24 , 2013 .
Your privacy is important to us .
By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBB EU Safe Harbor Program , we have made a commitment to meet the programs ' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by the Safe Harbor Program .
Further information about this program is available at http : //www.bbb.org/us/european-dispute-resolution .
Below is the B&H privacy and security policy :  
The following only applies to B&H 's main website ( www.bhphotovideo.com ) but not to our blogs " B&H inDepth " ( www.bhphotovideo.com/indepth ) and " B&H Insights " ( www.bhphotovideo.com/insights ) : The security of your personal information is very important to us .
In an effort to protect your personal information , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology with 128 bit encryption .
If your browser supports SSL ( most current browsers do ) , it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site , before sending it over the Internet .
B&H has obtained a digital certificate from Cybertrust , a leading provider of Internet trust services .
B&H 's website is also tested and certified daily by ScanAlert to receive its Hacker Safe Certification which ensures that the website passes the FBI/SANS Internet Security Test .
When visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information , the bottom of your browser window will display , an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key ( depending upon your browser ) .
This indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server .
To authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information , you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate .
Some browser versions and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers .
In that case , we suggest that you visit the B&H super store , or contact us by phone , or fax your order to us .
When you visit our site , we will ask your browser to place a permanent " cookie " ( a very small text file ) on your computer .
If your browser is configured to accept cookies , it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer 's hard drive .
We collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site .
We also collect certain technical information from your computer , like your IP address and the address of a referring web site , if any .
This information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer 's preferences .
This information is used only for the benefit of B&H and you , our customer .
You can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so .
However , please be aware that some features of the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies .
To visit our site without cookies , you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set .
Check the browsers help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences .
In order to identify who you are , we suggest that you register and log-in when you visit our site .
This allows us to provide you with your " Order Status " and other information that is uniquely yours .
You can access all the personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by phoning 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 , USA ) , or via e-mail .
We use this procedure to safeguard your information .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error .
If you place an order with a ship-to address that differs from your bill-to address , we retain this information as well .
You can modify or correct this information by following the procedure described above .
Such information is used at your request to ship purchased merchandise and may also be used for marketing purposes , but will not be sold to any third parties .
When you choose to place an order with us , you are invited to log in ( optional ) , so that we can identify who you are .
As a newcomer , it will be suggested that you register for future identification .
The registration page asks you to enter your name , a user ID , a password , and your e-mail address .
You can update this information at any time by clicking on the " my account " link at the top of every page and selecting " update account information. "  
When you decide to place an order , you are asked to complete an order form .
The order form requires your name , billing and shipping address , credit card number , expiration date and CID# .
You should also include other information fields such as your telephone number , to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary .
This information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible .
It is used only for the benefit of B&H and you , our customer .
Our site contains links to manufacturers , and other related sites for your benefit .
B&H is not responsible for the privacy practices , security , or content of such web sites .
If you click on one of these links , you will be redirected to their web site and , in doing so , you may provide information directly to them .
Therefore , you should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what choices you have .
B&H maintains special relationships with a number of secure business partners .
For your security or benefit , when you make a purchase , we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification , fraud prevention , credit card authorization , and shipping purposes .
B&H may share account or other information when we are required by law ( e.g. , in response to subpoenas , court orders , etc. )  or to protect our interests or property .
This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , credit bureaus , agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection .
You agree that B&H may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks .
Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency , which may keep a record of that information .
B&H also shares information with outside companies that perform services for B&H .
For example , when a customer signs up for our e-mail newsletters , B&H will provide the customers e-mail address to third party e-mail distribution companies that transmit e-mails on behalf of B&H .
Your e-mail address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of e-mails for B&H .
We may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes .
B&H takes steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes .
B&H has carefully selected a few companies to assist us in better understanding how our customers use our site .
We will place cookies on your computer to collect information .
The information that is collected through these cookies tells us things , such as which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our site , which pages you browsed , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and e-mails .
The companies analyze the information they collect from our site and return it to us through a secure connection .
We use this information to help us understand your interests in our site and how to better serve you .
It also helps us provide you with more personalized product offerings .
For more information about the companies with whom B&H shares customer information , please contact us .
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , B&H commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should contact :  Legal Department B & H Foto & Electronics Corp.
440 Ninth Avenue New York , New York
10001 Phone : 212-239-7500 Web : www.bhphotovideo.com
E-mail : legal @
bhphotovideo.com B&H has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by B&H , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint .
B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
B&H has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , please visit http :
We may use your information in a number of ways , including the following :
In order to serve you better , we may combine the information you provide us online , in our superstore and through our catalogues .
We use that information to improve your overall shopping experience .
To improve the content on our Web site .
For example , we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often .
To enhance your online shopping experience .
For marketing and promotional purposes .
You may request to receive the B&H catalogue , brochure periodically by mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you .
B&H will never SPAM or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site .
Registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request .
Please contact us via e-mail , by telephone 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , By Fax 212-239-7549 , or via mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 .
Enclose a copy of the mailing label ) .
Include your name , address , and other information as it appears on the mailing label , and indicate " Do not mail " .
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13 .
If Security or privacy is still of concern to you
If you do not want to receive promotional email from B&H , please click here
Note : Once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed .
Please allow us a reasonable period from when the request was received to complete the removal .
Our transaction security , combined with our privacy guarantee , should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering .
Keep in mind however that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with B&H .
You can order on-line without sending your credit card number over the Internet .
Just complete our on-line order form , print , and fax it to us .
If you prefer , you can always call 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , and place your order by telephone .
We encourage you to visit the B&H midtown Manhattan super store and deal directly with one of the B&H professionally trained sales associates .
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this web site , you can contact our Web Support Team .
By visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site .
If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying all third party companies to whom B&H may have disclosed , within the past year , personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed .
To obtain this information , please e-mail your request to :
Please allow 30 days for a response .
Lowe 's respects your concerns about privacy .
This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we collect on Lowes.com and other official Lowe 's sites ( including mobile sites ) that link to this Privacy Statement , the Lowe 's Career Website hosted on brassring.com , official Lowe 's survey forms and sweepstakes entry forms on third-party sites and applications that link to this Privacy Statement , official Lowe 's mobile applications that link to this Privacy Statement ( the " Mobile Applications " ) , and from use of the in-store Wi-Fi network ( the " Store Wi-Fi " )
( collectively , the " Site " ) .
The credit-related areas of the Site are covered by different privacy notices that appear on the credit application pages or that you receive in connection with your credit accounts , as applicable ; the term " Site " does not refer to these areas .
The term " Site " also does not refer to the Weekly Ads pages at lowes.shoplocal.com , the Iris Smart Home website www.irissmarthome.com or the login page for that website on Lowes.com .
In some cases , a website or online service covered by this Privacy Statement may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to the website or online service .
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on the Site , how we may use that information and with whom we may share it .
The Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information .
We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices .
You may choose to provide us with personal information ( such as name , contact details and payment information ) , such as : Contact information , such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address , and your title or occupation .
Login and access credentials ( such as username and password ) for Lowe 's accounts .
Payment information , such as your payment card number and expiration date .
The geolocation of your device ( such as if you opt to use the " Find Near Me " feature of the mobile-optimized portion of our websites or our Mobile Applications ) .
The unique ID number associated with certain Lowe 's accounts .
Certain information about your Lowe 's purchases returns or exchanges .
Personal information in communications and other content you submit , such as photographs , product information and details about your projects and property .
Social media IDs , such as for Facebook or Twitter Personal information you submit in your capacity as an independent contractor of Lowe 's , such as gender , ethnicity and identification numbers such as your NRDS ID number .
Personal information you submit in connection with a job application on the Career Website , such as your name , contact information , Social Security Number , date of birth , employment status , employment history , education information , references , rsum , immigration status and ability to work legally in the United States , driver license information , personal or family employment affiliation with Lowe 's , criminal record , and , on a voluntary basis for our Equal Employment Opportunity compliance purposes for jobs located in the US , gender , race and ethnic background .
When you use our Site , we may collect certain information by automated means , using technologies such as cookies , Web server logs , Web beacons and JavaScript .
Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device .
Our Site may use HTTP cookies , HTML5 cookies , Flash cookies and other types of local storage ( such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage ) .
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies .
You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel .
Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site or other websites and online services .
In conjunction with the gathering of information through cookies , our Web servers may log information such as your device type , operating system type , browser type , domain , and other system settings , as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located .
The Web server logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet .
They also may log information about your interaction with this Site , such as which pages you visit .
To control which Web servers collect information by automated means , we may place tags on our Web pages called " Web beacons , " which are small files that link Web pages to particular Web servers and their cookies .
We also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details your interactions with the Site .
We may use third-party Web analytics services on our Site , such as those of Google Analytics .
These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site .
The information collected by the technology ( including your IP address ) will be disclosed to these service providers , who use the information to evaluate your use of the Site .
To learn about opting out of Google Analytics , please click here .
We may use the information collected through automated means to provide a better tailored shopping experience and for market research , data analytics and system administration purposes , such as to determine whether you 've visited us before or are new to the Site , and for compliance with our legal obligations , policies and procedures .
We also may use this information to target custom content and ads to you on this and other websites , including as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below .
Back to Top If you elect to install the Mobile Applications , the information we collect may include the following : Your geographic location , including within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area .
Information about your use of the Mobile Applications .
The type of device you use and its operating system .
Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier ) .
Your use of mobile coupons in a Lowe 's transaction .
This information will allow push notifications and other targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , and shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services .
It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement .
Back to Top If you elect to use the free Store Wi-Fi available at Lowe 's stores , we will collect information such as the following : The URLs and content of the pages you visit on any website ( e.g. , on yahoo.com or Lowes.com ) using your mobile device , and , on some websites , information you submit through online forms .
The apps on your mobile device that use the Store Wi-Fi .
Your geographic locations within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area within the range of the Store Wi-Fi .
How long you use the Store Wi-Fi at particular locations .
The type of device you use and its operating system .
Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier and MAC address ) .
Browser information and IP address .
The address of the store where you use the Store Wi-Fi .
This information will allow targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as specific coupons based upon the sites and pages you visited , special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , including competitive offers based upon other websites that you may be viewing , shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services .
It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement .
Back to Top Data about your activities online is being collected on our Site for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests .
You may choose whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose .
This section of the Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise that choice .
You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties .
These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means , including through the use of the technologies described in the Information We Collect By Automated Means section above , and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests .
The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site , such as the pages you have viewed .
This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network , such as sites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network .
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts .
To learn more about ad networks , including how to opt out , click here .
Back to Top We may use the information we collect through the Site to : Provide , administer and communicate with you about products , services , events and promotions ( including by sending you newsletters , coupons and other marketing communications ) .
Process , record and track your purchases , payments and rebates .
Process , evaluate and respond to your requests , inquiries and applications .
Manage our customer information databases .
Operate registrations , including on MyLowe 's and Lowes.com .
Administer contests , sweepstakes and surveys .
Create , administer and communicate with you about your accounts .
Customize your experience with our Site .
Provide you with in-store navigation and mapping services .
Allow you to find locations near you .
With respect to personal information we collect through our Career Website , evaluate your application for employment and contact you regarding possible employment .
Operate , evaluate and improve our business ( including developing new products and services ; managing our communications ; performing market research , data analytics and data appends ; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing ; analyzing our products , services and Site ; administering our Site ; and performing accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation and collection activities ) .
Protect against and prevent fraud , unauthorized transactions , claims and other liabilities , and manage risk exposure and quality .
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements , industry standards and our policies and terms , such as our Terms and Conditions of Use .
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of the collection .
Back to Top We may share personal information we collect on the Site with certain service providers , some of whom may use the information for their own purposes .
For example , ( i ) our websites may feature live chat functionality , and the information gathered in the chat feature may be collected by or shared with a provider such as LivePerson , whose privacy policies are available at www.liveperson.com/policies/privacy , ( ii ) information you submit on our Site in connection with a product review may be collected by or shared with a product review company such as Bazaarvoice , whose privacy policy is at www.bazaarvoice.com/privacy-policy and who may publish the information in locations not affiliated with Lowe 's , such as the website of the manufacturer of the product you review , and ( iii ) information submitted on our Careers Website is collected by or shared with the Careers Website provider , Kenexa , whose Privacy Policy is at www.kenexa.com/privacypolicy .
We also may share your information among our affiliates , joint marketing partners and companies that fulfill orders placed with us , who may send you marketing information .
In addition , we may share personal information we collect on the Site at your request .
We may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law , regulation or legal process , such as a court order or subpoena ; ( ii ) in response to requests by government agencies , such as law enforcement authorities ; or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical , financial or other harm , injury or loss ; ( iv ) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity ; or ( v ) to assist in collecting debt owed by you .
We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets ( including , without limitation , in the event of a reorganization , dissolution or liquidation ) .
Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement .
Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you by updating your profile within your Lowe 's authenticated account , using the settings pages on certain websites or contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below .
To be removed from all of Lowe 's official email , telephone and postal mail marketing , choose one of the following options : email customercare @ lowes.com and type "
REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING " in the subject line
; call 1-800-44-LOWES ; or send your request by mail to :  Lowe 's Customer Care CON8 P.O .
North Wilkesboro , NC 28659
For any of these options , please include your name , address , phone number and email address in the request , and let us know how you provided us with the information .
Back to Top You may access the profile page of certain accounts you maintain on our Site to modify certain personal information associated with your profile and indicate certain communications preferences .
Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you through email by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in an email you receive from us , by updating certain subscriptions within certain Lowe 's authenticated accounts , within settings pages or by contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below .
To stop receiving newsletters from Lowes.com , you also may email customercare @ lowes.com with the phrase "
REMOVE FROM NEWSLETTER LIST " in the subject line , and we will apply your preference to the email address from which you send us the request .
Back to Top To exercise your preferences regarding the collection of data for targeted advertising , please follow the directions in the Interest-Based Advertising section above .
Back to Top To stop the collection of information via Store Wi-Fi , disconnect from the Store Wi-Fi network .
Please note that disconnecting from the Store Wi-Fi network will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Mobile Applications ' collection of your location .
To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Mobile Applications section below .
Back to Top To stop collection of information by the Mobile Applications , delete the applications from your device .
To stop only the collection of information from the geolocation services available on your device ( such as your device 's GPS functionality ) , use your device 's settings to deactivate the Mobile Applications ' access to those services .
Please note that deactivating this access will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Store Wi-Fi 's collection of your location .
To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Store Wi-Fi section above .
To exercise a choice under a prior version of this statement , contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section below .
Back to Top Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code 1798.83 , if you are a California resident , you may ask us to provide you with ( i ) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and ( ii ) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year .
To make such a request , please contact us as follows :  
Lowe 's Customer Care Attn :
Privacy Team California Marketing Choices CON8 P.O .
North Wilkesboro , NC 28656 1-800-445-6937
Back to Top We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on our Site against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing .
Back to Top This Site contains links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us .
Linked websites , including those operated by Lowe 's , may have their own privacy notices , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them .
We are not responsible for the content of any websites that we do not control , any use of those websites or the privacy practices of those websites .
Back to Top This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws .
We will post a notice on Lowes.com and certain other parts of the Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Statement and indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was updated .
Back to Top We participate in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBBOnLine program .
Further information about this program and its dispute resolution process is available at the Better Business Bureau 's website .
Back to Top If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement , or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us as indicated below .
When you contact us about personal information we hold about you , please let us know where you provided us with the information .
Lowe 's Customer Care Attn :
Privacy Team CON8 P.O .
North Wilkesboro , NC 28656 1-800-445-6937 customercare @
lowes.com Effective Date : May 7 , 2013
This Privacy Policy applies to personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise which consists of ( a ) Barnes & Noble , Inc. and its subsidiaries , including their respective businesses and operations ( collectively , " Barnes & Noble " ) ; ( b ) businesses and operations managed or operated by Barnes & Noble ; ( c ) websites owned , operated and managed by Barnes & Noble , including each website that links to this Privacy Policy , and any digital content stores operated by Barnes & Noble ( collectively , " Barnes & Noble Websites " ) ; and ( d ) Barnes & Noble 's devices , content and applications .
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble , and we believe that a single , comprehensive privacy policy that is straightforward and clear is in the best interests of our customers and our businesses .
More detailed information about specific practices regarding Barnes & Noble and NOOK mobile devices ( " Devices " ) and mobile applications developed and maintained by Barnes & Noble and NOOK ( " Apps " ) is contained in the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement which is incorporated into , and subject to , this Privacy Policy .
To review the prior version of Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy , please click here .
By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble in the manner described in this Privacy Policy at any time , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection , storage , use and disclosure of all your personal and other information as described .
Special Note : On October 4 , 2012 , Barnes & Noble underwent a corporate reorganization resulting in its digital and College businesses becoming owned by Barnes & Noble 's majority owned subsidiary NOOK Media LLC and its subsidiaries ( collectively " NOOK Media " ) .
These current privacy policies and the privacy practices described herein apply to personal information previously collected from you by Barnes & Noble , Inc. and each of its subsidiaries , including NOOK Media , as well as personal information that they may collect from you in the future .
Please be advised that NOOK Media intends to launch one or more of its own websites in the future for purposes of operating its digital and College businesses .
NOOK Media expects to post privacy policies applicable to those websites when they are launched .
Barnes & Noble reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time , but you can be assured that , should it be necessary to do so , we will always do so in accordance with the Barnes & Noble Privacy Principles of Clarity , Security and Integrity .
You will be notified of any material changes to this Privacy Policy which are less protective of customer information prior to such changes becoming effective .
We may notify you of these changes by email reminders , by notice on this site , or by other acceptable means .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Clarity : We strive to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information .
We follow security standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information .
Integrity : We do not sell or rent your personal information and respect your preferences with respect to your personal information .
Below you will find answers to the following frequently asked questions about how we collect , use and share your personal information :  1 .
What is the personal information that we collect ?
Why do we collect personal information ?
How do we collect your personal information ?
How do we use personal information ?
With whom do we share personal information ?
How do we secure personal information ?
How do we respect your choices about your personal information ?
Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns ?
What other information about Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy would I want to know ?
Depending on how you choose to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise , we may collect personal information from you , for example your name , e-mail address , billing address , shipping address , phone number , credit card information , date of birth and other persistent identifiers that can be used to personally identify you .
If you rent , purchase or otherwise place orders for textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect your student or faculty identification number , financial aid number , your driver license number and information regarding courses you enroll in or teach .
We may also collect other personal information regarding your interaction with Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps , including usage information , the items that you browse , purchase , download , read , watch and otherwise access , and your geographic location .
For further details about personal information collected through Apps and Devices , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement .
We collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business .
It allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services , with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you .
For more information as to why we collect personal information , please see the section below entitled : " How do we use your personal information ? "  
Your personal information also allows us to communicate with you about special offers , promotions , and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you .
You always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional emails by following the instructions included in each marketing email or by changing your preferences in your account .
( a ) Information that you provide to us As a general matter , you can browse in our stores and on the Barnes & Noble Websites without submitting your personal information to us , although we may receive and collect certain personal information automatically , as outlined in Section 3 ( b ) of this Privacy Policy , including site analytics regarding our websites , information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites , and information collected by cookies .
Making a purchase or placing an order Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard
Signing up for Invite-a-Friend
Emails Using specific features of your Device Contacting customer service Additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App Features Interacting with social networking sites Entering a sweepstakes or contest For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below .
Making a purchase or placing an order When you make a purchase , rent or place an order in our stores , place an order online or purchase , download , rent or stream books , periodicals , movies , television shows and other digital content ( " Digital Content " ) , you may need to submit personal information to us .
Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program
In order to use Devices , certain Apps and features of Barnes & Noble Websites , or to purchase or access Digital Content , you may be required to create a password-protected user account and provide us with personal information when you do so .
Similarly , when you enroll in our Member Loyalty Program , we will ask you to submit personal information as part of your member profile .
We will store and use this information to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate , and as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard
When you apply for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard , you will need to submit personal information directly to the issuer of the MasterCard .
Personal information that you provide directly to the issuer is subject to the bank 's privacy policies , practices and procedures , not Barnes & Noble 's .
In addition , we disclose certain personal information to the issuer of the MasterCard in connection with the administration of the Barnes & Noble MasterCard program .
The issuer does not have the right to use the personal information we provide beyond what is necessary to assist us or to administer this program .
The issuer is contractually obliged to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information we provide and is restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by us .
Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Features
Our Invite-a-Friend feature is located in various areas of certain Barnes & Noble Websites and within certain Devices .
By clicking on ' Email ' or ' Find friends from contacts ' on your Device , customers can email a link to a friend which will invite the friend to view the Barnes & Noble Website page or attend the event described on that page .
The ' Find friends from contacts ' feature on the Device may access the contacts you have entered into your Device in order to generate such emails .
To remove yourself from these mailings , please call our Customer Service Center at 1-800-THE-BOOK ( 1-800-824-2665 ) .
Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882 .
Using specific features of Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( either directly , or by authorizing Barnes & Noble to download the information from a third party such as a social networking website ) your information such as your contacts , calendar entries or photos , or images you may submit to us to help us locate products for you .
For further details about personal information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement .
When you contact customer service , we may ask you to provide , or confirm , personal information so that we can better serve you .
Additional Website , Device or App Features
From time to time we may offer or provide new or additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App features and functionality .
Such features or functionality may request or require you to submit personal information to us in order to use such feature or functionality .
Entering a Sweepstakes or Contest
If you enter a sweepstakes or contest we offer , we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can consider your entry and , if you win , so that you may redeem your prize .
Interacting with Social Networking Sites
Our Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( directly , or by authorizing us to download the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application ) personal information such as contacts or lists of friends .
These or related applications may also allow you to provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases , physical location , or comments .
However , we will not provide any of your information to social networking sites without your express consent .
( b ) Information automatically collected There are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect information from you .
The most common sources of this information include :  Cookies Pixel tags or clear Graphics Interchange Format files , known as GIFs
you use Wireless networks operated by Barnes & Noble in retail stores Business partners , contractors , shared databases , and other third parties who may occasionally share information with us , including UltraViolet
For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below .
Information automatically collected when you visit Barnes & Noble Websites
When you visit a Barnes & Noble Website , we automatically record information that your browser sends us .
For example , we may receive and collect : the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet ; the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the date and time you access the Barnes & Noble Website ; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Barnes & Noble Website .
We may also collect information regarding search queries run on the Barnes & Noble Website .
We use this information to monitor the usage of the Barnes & Noble Websites and as necessary for our business .
Information collected using cookies Like many online retailers , we and/or our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Barnes & Noble Websites .
This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience . "
Cookies " are small files that we place on your computer 's hard drive to collect information about your activities on a Barnes & Noble Website .
Cookies help us to : ( 1 ) speed navigation , keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you ; ( 2 ) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it ; ( 3 ) determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners ' marketing efforts and communications ; and ( 4 ) monitor the total number of visitors , pages viewed , and the total number of banners displayed .
Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically .
You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed , or you can disable cookies entirely .
If you disable cookies , however , you will not be able to place items in a Barnes & Noble Website shopping bag , and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online .
Also , by not using cookies , some Barnes & Noble Website features and services may not function properly .
Additionally , we work with a third party service provider to help us better understand how you use the Barnes & Noble Websites .
This third party service provider will place cookies on your computer to collect information such as how you were referred to the Barnes & Noble Website , how you navigated around the Barnes & Noble Website , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails .
This information will help us to better serve you and provide you with more personalized information and product offerings .
We do not allow this third party service provider to collect your credit card information , e-mail address or password information .
This third party service provider may only use your personal information to perform services for us and may not share your personal information with anyone else , or use it for any other purpose , except on an aggregated , non- personally identifiable basis .
For more information , please view this third party 's privacy policy .
You may choose to opt-out of this third party 's analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on such Barnes & Noble Website .
To do so , please click here .
By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you consent to the use of the tracking technologies as described above .
Information collected in connection with marketing e-mails and using pixel tags or clear GIFs To help us understand the effectiveness of certain of our communications and marketing efforts , we may use sensing technologies that use pixel tags or clear GIFs ( which are also called web beacons ) .
These technologies allow us to determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising and marketing efforts .
For this purpose , we tie the pixel tags and clear gifs to personally identifiable information .
We may also collect information regarding the links within such marketing materials that you click on and purchase statistics regarding items you buy following receipt of such marketing .
Information collected from Devices or Apps
When you use a Device or our Apps , we automatically collect information through the Device or App when it is connected to the Internet .
For example , we may receive and collect information concerning device registration , settings , usage , firmware version , signal strength , search queries , network interaction , the name of the network from which you access the Internet , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the device you are using , unique device identifiers ( UDIDs ) , downloads , sideloaded content , configuration , or service information relating to any malfunction of the Device or App .
This may include information regarding your reading or , in the case of videos , viewing behavior on such Devices or Apps , such as books or videos opened , page turns , bookmarks , annotations , or customer reviews .
In addition , to provide location-based services on Devices or through Apps , Barnes & Noble and third party application providers may automatically collect real-time geographic location information or other location-based information about you and your Device or other mobile device on which the App is installed .
This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality or to offer , provide and improve products and services .
For more information about information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement .
Information collected from outside sources We may collect personal information and other information about you from business partners , contractors and other third parties .
This includes , but is not limited to , instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information .
Such information may be collected via , but not limited to , software applications that you download or use on your Device or that otherwise allow you to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise .
For example , if you link your UltraViolet account with your account with us , we may collect certain information regarding movies or television shows you have purchased from third parties as part of your UltraViolet collection of digital content .
If you rent or purchase textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect information about you from your college or university .
This information may be used for a number of purposes including providing our services to you , sending postal mail and e-mail , fulfilling orders , removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing support , customer authentication , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , providing customer service and processing credit card payments .
If you link your account with us to your UltraViolet account , we may collect information regarding UltraViolet-enabled movies and television shows you have purchased from third party retailers .
This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows from us that you have purchased from us from such third parties .
For more information , please view the UltraViolet privacy policy located at www.uvvu.com .
Information collected from visitors from outside the United States
If you are visiting Barnes & Noble or a Barnes & Noble Website from outside the United States and provide us with personal information , please note that your personal information will be transferred , stored and processed within the United States .
Additionally , Barnes & Noble may transfer your personal information to other countries , for example because a server or third party service provider is located there .
The data protection and privacy laws of other countries , including the United States , may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country .
Barnes & Noble will take appropriate steps to protect your information .
By doing business or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you are consenting to the transfer , storage , and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the United States and other facility locations selected by Barnes & Noble .
Barnes & Noble uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business .
For example , we use your personal information to :  Provide you with products , services and information , including product and subject recommendations and other information in Barnes & Noble retail stores , through e-mails from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and on the Barnes & Noble Websites and online interactive communities , your Devices , Digital Content , Apps and software , and display associated content and advertising ;  Administer our programs ;  Provide customer service ;  Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure , maintain , protect , develop and improve our products and services ;  Administer sweepstakes , contests , promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications ;  Communicate with you about special offers , events , or new products or services that may be of interest to you ;  Customize and enhance the Barnes & Noble Websites and advertising ;  Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues ; and Manage our business .
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble .
Barnes & Noble DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
provided that your data may be transferred to or shared with a third party as part of a sale , merger , or acquisition of Barnes & Noble or one of its affilliates ( see " Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions " below ) .
Barnes & Noble shares your personal information with :  
Other entities within the Barnes & Noble enterprise .
Many of our customers purchase items from us both online and in our stores .
In addition , Barnes & Noble owns and operates other operations and businesses and we share and use your personal information with our other business units and operations and may continue to do so even after such business units or operations are sold .
We share your personal information within the Barnes & Noble enterprise ( i ) to help to ensure that you have a superior shopping or browsing experience no matter where you choose to shop or browse with us , ( ii ) to provide customer support and related services , ( iii ) to provide other services and products that might be of interest to you , ( iv ) to provide and/or manage certain cross-company promotions or programs ( e.g. to honor your Barnes & Noble Member Program rewards ) , ( v ) to facilitate purchases of Devices or content ( or other products ) from within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , ( vi ) if we provide you with in store services and/or customer support for Devices and content , ( vii ) in connection with our commercial arrangements and business relationships within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined to provide a comprehensive retail and digital content experience for our joint customers .
We provide personal information to our partners that provide product and service offerings or technologies that we think may be of interest to you .
Our partnerships may also result in products and services that allow you to publish Digital Content that may be shared with our partners .
We may offer you the opportunity to opt-in to receive information from our partners , which may result in your personal information being shared with our partners .
The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our vendors once such information is transferred .
As part of our ongoing partnership with Microsoft Corporation ( " Microsoft " ) , we may share your personal information with Microsoft and its affiliates and subsidiaries under certain circumstances .
If you consent to such sharing ( including , without limitation , in connection with using a Microsoft account ) , Microsoft may use your personal information to provide products and services to you related to your Device , Digital Content and Barnes & Noble and Microsoft services and products .
These products and services may include , without limitation : ( i ) to enable purchases of Digital Content by you and provide Digital Content to you , ( ii ) to allow you to access , view and consume your Digital Content and provide related services to you , ( iii ) to publish certain Digital Content created by users and customers ( as may be more fully set forth in any applicable terms or policies related thereto ) , ( iv ) to create and manage cross company user accounts and applications related to your Devices and Digital Content , including in connection with the integration between the Microsoft user and ID systems and Microsoft commerce platform and our products and services , ( v ) to offer joint product or service offerings , ( vi ) to provide customer support , ( vii ) to provide information to you regarding Microsoft product and service offerings , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined by us .
Please note that any information provided to Microsoft will be treated by Microsoft in accordance with its applicable privacy policies in effect from time to time .
Please refer to Microsoft 's website for information related to Microsoft 's collection , use and sharing of information that it obtains .
Service providers , subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf .
We provide personal information to third party service providers , subcontractors , and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services .
These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble .
They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information .
Third party providers of products and services .
These are third parties that provide products and services you may purchase or request from or through us .
These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble .
They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information .
If you purchase UltraViolet-enabled movies or television shows from us , we may provide you with the opportunity to link your account with us to your UltraViolet account .
This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows that you have purchased from us from third party retailers who are part of the UltraViolet content ecosystem .
For more information , please view the UltraViolet privacy policy located at www.uvvu.com .
Third Party Membership Programs .
We work with certain third party entities to help them administer their own membership or rewards programs by providing them with purchasing information about their customers who make purchase from Barnes & Noble .
We disclose only the information that is necessary to make these third party programs work and to support your membership in them .
This information usually includes your name and e-mail address as well as the dollar amount of the purchases made at Barnes & Noble .
We require such entities to obtain your consent before we provide them with this information , which they usually do as part of their own membership or participation rules .
Credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions .
Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of this information is governed by this policy , the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies .
Law enforcement officials and as required by law .
Barnes & Noble may release personal information to third parties when we determine , in our judgment , that it is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law , regulation , legal process , or enforceable governmental request ; ( b ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies or user agreements ; or ( c ) protect the rights , property or safety of Barnes & Noble , our employees , our customers , users , or others .
Co-branded offerings .
In some instances , we may offer a service or feature that is co-branded by Barnes & Noble and a third party company .
If you provide information in connection with such co-branded service or feature , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party .
Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
Other websites operated by Barnes & Noble .
In some instances , we may operate a Barnes & Noble Website on behalf of a third party .
If you provide information in connection with a Barnes & Noble Website operated by Barnes & Noble on behalf of a third party , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party .
Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
Your college or university .
Barnes & Noble College Booksellers may offer the ability to rent or purchase products or services through financial aid , student loans or similar programs .
We may share your information with your college or university , lenders or other providers in order to process payments if you choose these payment methods .
Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions .
If Barnes & Noble becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , restructuring , reorganization , or any form of sale or other disposition of some or all of its assets , personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement , and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before any personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Such a transaction may involve us ( i ) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information , and ( ii ) engaging in additional transfers of personal information ( including new personal information ) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction .
To Fulfill Your Requests For Products or Services
In connection with some Digital Content orders , in order to complete your transaction , we may need to forward your name , magazine , catalog or newspaper order , email address , and shipping or billing address to our content providers .
The content providers will share your magazine , catalog or newspaper order information as well as your name and address , or name and e-mail and shipping or billing addresses with the magazine , catalog or newspaper publisher and magazine , catalog or newspaper circulation auditors .
Magazine , catalog and newspaper publishers may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes .
Your credit card information will not be shared with them .
In connection with purchases of certain Digital Content , we may need to forward information about you ( including , for example , your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ) to the Digital Content provider in order to enable you to download or purchase Digital Content from or through that provider .
In each such instance , the Digital Content provider is obligated to use such information in accordance with its own privacy policy and applicable law .
We take significant and appropriate security measures , including physical , technological and procedural measures , to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure .
In addition , we use industry-standard technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information , designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information , and , as technology develops , we intend to take additional measures to improve security .
We want you to feel confident whenever you visit us in our stores , on the Barnes & Noble Websites , or use Barnes & Noble Devices or Apps .
While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information , you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats , viruses and intrusions from others and so we can not promise , and you should not expect , that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances .
When you interact with Barnes & Noble in certain ways , you may be eligible to receive certain marketing-related and promotional communications as well as special offers ( collectively " Promotional Communications " ) from Barnes & Noble that may include advertisements from third parties .
The most common of these circumstances include :  Making a purchase or download or placing an order Creating an account Joining a Barnes & Noble online community Enrolling in our Member program Signing up for Newsletters Signing up with eBookstores operated by Barnes & Noble Entering a sweepstakes or a contest Where you have consented to receiving Promotional Communications from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , you may choose to opt-out at any time by following the instructions below .
For Barnes & Noble Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here .
For Barnes & Noble College Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions .
For barnesandnoble.com : Any account holder can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging onto their Account and following the instructions under " Communication Preferences " .
If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions .
For Barnes & Noble Member program : Any Member can opt-out of the receipt of any Member program promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account and following the instructions under " Change Your Communication Preferences. "  
If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions .
For Barnes & Noble Educator program : Any Educator can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account , clicking " Communication Preferences , " and following instructions under " Change Communication Preferences. "  
If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions .
If no opt-out link exists reply to the email with the word " Remove " in the subject line , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here .
For the Barnes & Noble Gift Card website : Any customer of the Barnes & Noble Gift Card website who receives promotional communications can opt-out of the receipt of any such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions or by sending an e-mail to giftcardprefs @ bn.com .
For SparkNotes.com : Any SparkNotes.com customer who does not wish to receive promotional product and service communications can choose to remove their contact information from SparkNotes.com contact list by following the instructions listed on www.sparknotes.com .
For Sterling Publishing : If , at any time , you wish to no longer receive ENewsletters from Sterling Publishing Co. , Inc. , Pixiq , Lark Crafts ,
and/or FlashKids.com , please click on the link for opt-out instructions contained at the bottom of each ENewsletter .
You can change your personal information and your communication preferences when you follow this link .
Even if you opt-out of receiving Promotional Communications , you may continue to receive e-mails relating to order confirmations , back order notifications , membership information , and/or other business-related communications .
Note for Community Users Barnes & Noble provides you with the ability to access , correct , change or request deletion of the personal information in your community profile ( s ) at any time by following the instructions below .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
However , you can not currently change your profile name although you may re-register and choose a new name .
To review or modify your profile information , please click here .
Please be advised that Barnes & Noble may archive information it collects on its community and visitors .
Additionally , by participating in the Barnes & Noble online interactive community , and using Barnes & Noble 's various interactive offerings , including , the submission of customer reviews , or participation in the Barnes & Noble Book Clubs , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services .
You may access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on Lark Crafts and Pixiq at any time .
To review or modify your profile information , log in to larkcrafts.com or pixiq.com .
Additionally , by using Lark Crafts
and/or Pixiq 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , Lark Crafts , Pixiq , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services .
You may also access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on SparkNotes.com at any time , except to change your username .
To review or modify your profile information , log in to SparkNotes.com .
Additionally , by using SparkNotes.com 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , SparkNotes , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @
barnesandnoble.com or call customer service at 1-800-THE-BOOK [ 1-800-843-2665 ] .
Barnes & Noble Policies for Minors , including children under the age of 13 .
Barnes & Noble is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection , storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 13 , including the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
Except as noted below : ( i ) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults ; ( ii ) Individuals under the age of 18 ( " Minors " ) are not permitted to use Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian ; ( iii ) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the Barnes & Noble Websites ; and ( iv ) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Barnes & Noble Websites , we will remove that information as soon as possible .
If we direct certain Devices features or Apps to Minors who may be under the age of 13 , we require the parent or legal guardian to provide verifiable consent to such Minor 's use of our products and services and our collection of personal information in connection with such use .
In these cases , we require validation of credit card information already on file with us and we will then e-mail the master account holder to give notice that we have received such consent .
If no credit card information is on file , or if the credit card is invalid , we will not register that you have consented .
With your consent , we may collect , use and share information regarding Minors under the age of 13 consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Please see the sections above for detailed information on how we do so .
If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent , please contact privacy @ barnesandnoble.com .
Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian , at your request , we will promptly provide to you information regarding what , if any , personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared .
We will , at your request , remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same .
Your access rights and updates to your information
You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes .
You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies rectified .
Please note that , as permitted by law , we may charge a nominal fee for information requests and may require you to prove your identity .
Following a request , we will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you in our files .
Please address written requests and questions about this to privacy @ barnesandnoble.com .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
We are not responsible for third party applications you may download and install on your Devices .
While Barnes & Noble uses reasonable efforts to ensure that applications offered through our Application Stores meet compatibility and safety testing criteria , this Privacy Policy does not cover any data collection , use , or sharing by mobile device manufacturers , network service providers or third party application providers , unless such party has entered into a separate agreement with us as a business partner to share your personal information .
In such a case , we would require our business partner to disclose their data collection and sharing practices with you , and obtain your prior affirmative consent .
Our use of any shared data under such an agreement would then be governed by our privacy policy .
All other collection of personal information by a third party application provider shall be subject to the terms of such provider 's privacy policy .
Third Party Websites and Web-Tracking
We may partner with third party distributors of advertisements to deliver advertisements about our products and services when you visit other websites across the Internet .
These distributors of advertisements may place or access cookies on your computer which help us provide you with advertisements that are customized to your particular product preferences and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts .
If you would like to learn more about the third party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit Barnes & Noble Websites , and to understand your choices about having such advertisers ' cookies turned off , please visit www.networkadvertising.org .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
Please understand that Barnes & Noble does not control these third party cookies , and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies .
Whenever you click on links and banners on any Barnes & Noble Website that take you to a third party website , you will be subject to the third party 's privacy policies , not Barnes & Noble 's .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Barnes & Noble enterprise .
In addition , our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Barnes & Noble .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit .
Safe Harbor Barnes & Noble 's privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for transparency , accountability and choice for our collection and use of your personal information .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ barnesandnoble.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Barnes & Noble complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from , respectively , European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Barnesandnoble.com LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Barnes & Noble 's certification , please visit http :
Any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy and the terms of use or terms of service applicable to our product or service you use , including limitation on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of New York .
The address for Barnes & Noble is 122 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 .
The address for NOOK Media is 76 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10011
Last updated 9/17/12 H&M values you as a customer and respects your privacy .
This website is operated by hm.com , and this privacy policy applies to any of H&M 's website that link to this policy ( collectively as Website ) .
This Privacy Policy explains what personal information is collected through this Website , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded .
By " personal information " , we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like preferences ) ( " personally identifying information " ) .
Your access and use of the Website constitute your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use including any of their changes or revisions .
We do not sell your information to any third party for any reason .
Additionally , we do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties .
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of H&M with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf or to complete a transaction you authorized .
All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform .
This Privacy Policy addresses the following issues :  What personal information is collected at our website and how is it used ?
How does this website interact with third-party web sites and content ?
What information do we share with third parties ?
What choices do you have over how your information is used ?
What is the policy for visitors outside the U.S. ?
How may I update my personal information ?
How do we address Children 's privacy ?
How do I know my personal information is secure ?
Who may I contact with questions and concerns regarding this policy ?
Because we continue to develop our Website and improve the service we provide , our policies will change over time .
If you are registered with our Website , we may notify you by email of material changes of our Privacy Policy .
You may exercise your choice about how we collect and use your information consistent with this Policy at any time .
If you have any questions about our Policy , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) .
Under California 's " Shine the Light " law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses .
If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g. , residents who makes the request in 2011 will receive information regarding 2010 sharing activities ) .
To obtain this information , please send an e-mail message via http :
//www.hm.com/us/contact with " Request for California Privacy Information " on the subject line and in the body of your message .
We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response .
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the " Shine the Light " requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response .
If you prefer to receive such information via regular first-class mail , please send a written request to the address below .
H&M 8587 West Sunset Blvd .
Suite 6.2 , West Hollywood , CA 90069 Attention Legal Department 1 .
Through This Website We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with e-commerce websites .
Examples of the information we collect include name , address , telephone number , age , size , gender , interests , personal preferences , demographical information , email address , credit card number , and purchase information .
This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you open an account on the Website ; check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys , contests , or sweepstakes ; apply for the H&M Credit Card ; interact with H&M through special events ( apply for a job , communicate with Customer Service or respond to program offers ) ; partake in forums , bulletin boards or other online means for posting your comments , feedback , images , or content on the Website ; or browsing through contents of the Website .
We may combine all of this with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners and from other unrelated third parties .
We also collect information about those you knowwhen you provide it to us .
For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders .
We use this information to personalize your online experience at our Website : process your online orders ( including sending emails to confirm your order status and shipment date ) ; communicate with you about our products , services , contests , and promotions ( unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications ) ; improve our products and services ; analyze trends and statistics ; protect the security or integrity of our website and our business ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; notify you regarding surveys and contests ; enable you to post information on our Website ; facilitate online social activity centered around our products and services ; or enable you to interact with third-party content service providers whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment .
If you e-mail a wish list to a friend , we will not retain the names or e-mail addresses of the recipient of your wish list .
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls .
You will find instructions on opting out in our newsletters and on your online profile at My H&M. 2 .
When you visit this Website , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate .
B. Cookies and Related Technology
To better understand what you do while on our Website , we use a browser feature known as a cookie .
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer .
It is used to do things like see how you navigate our Website , and remember you and your online purchases when you return .
This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history .
We also use pixel tags ( also known as clear gifs or web beacons ) on our Website and in our emails .
A pixel tag is an embedded graphic image on a web page , web-based document or e-mail message .
The pixel tags is used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , which website you came from , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites .
Pixel tags in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience .
This technology allows us to associate your online navigational or transactional information with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , and email address ) .
As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag .
That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart .
We can also use this technology to determine whether you would be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences .
The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes .
You can disable or delete cookies by changing your browser settings .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of H&M 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any H&M products and services that require you to sign in .
Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology Third-party service providers help us analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences , and may help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other websites
( often referred to as " online network advertising " ) .
The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services .
A. Analysis We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Websites , and web capabilities like embeddable widgets .
They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Section 2 above ( Technical Information CollectedCookies and Related Technology ) .
B. Advertising We contract with third-party advertising companies that , in turn , collect non-personally identifying information by placing cookies on your browser when you visit us here .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , credit card information , e-mail address , or telephone number ) about your visit to deliver our ads on this and other websites through their online advertising networks .
These companies also provide this information to us which we , in turn , use to gauge how effective our ads are .
We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content .
We do this for your convenience .
We do not endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties .
Whether their content appears within our web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Website for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience .
Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices .
Here 's a partial list of third-party sites or content that may appear on our Website : 1 .
We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of third party content providers so you can quickly retrieve information regarding location , hours of operation , and contact information for our stores .
Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites
We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys .
Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you are still in our Website environment .
Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites
We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content .
This may include easy click-through access or even " single-sign on " to these sites .
The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites .
Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs
We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us .
If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Website through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership .
The above third-party websites and advertisers , or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , may send advertisements that appear on our Website directly to your browser and may use cookies and/or other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use or the privacy policy of these advertisers and third-party Websites .
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices .
Contractors We use third-party " back-office " contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale .
They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , monitor website activity , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , administer and send mobile messages , and provide consulting and customer services .
Contractors may also assist us in hosting micro sites and mobile websites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy .
We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information .
Public Safety , Law Enforcement and Fraud Prevention
We may disclose specific information about our Website visitors to law enforcement entities , governmental agencies , courts or other entities , including credit reporting agencies if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to protect our customers , the public , or our business .
We may do so when ( 1 ) permitted or required by law , ( 2 ) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions , or ( 3 ) investigating fraud that has already taken place .
These entities may access and , if necessary , record your information to assist us with fraud prevention and detection .
We will never authorize the release of your information to or by such entities for any other purpose .
With Your Consent Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will confirm your order status and shipment by email .
We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order .
You can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of features on the Website such as creating your profile , wish lists , and customer reviews .
We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages .
Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent .
We use an opt-out standard for all other communications .
Opt-out means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to .
The above preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partners .
You can always log into your online account at any time to change your preferences , including whether to opt-in or opt-out of certain services , or by contacting customer service .
If you modify your preferences on whether to receive emails , mobile messages or other promotional materials from us , it may take up to a few weeks to process your request , during which time you will continue to receive communications from H&M. 1 .
If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of our email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of the email messages we send you to complete the removal .
This will stop future email offers from us , but will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications .
We will not contact you via telephone or text message without your express consent by opting in .
If you 've signed up for mobile messaging ( e.g. , SMS and MMS ) offers but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message .
Go to MY H&M and adjust your preferences to remove yourself from our SMS/MMS list .
Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising
You may always choose to block cookies or clear cookies from your computer .
Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies .
Note that blocking cookies may not block the " first-party " cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site .
By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our site ( as opposed to ads on an online advertising network of third-party websites ) .
Clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time .
Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies .
Many websites , including this Website , rely on cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect .
If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates please click here to contact us and request not to have your information shared .
This is a U.S. e-commerce site .
This Privacy Policy governs the information collected at this site irrespective of where you are located when you access it , browse it , interact with it , and make purchases through it ( including those that are shipped to addresses outside the U.S. ) .
Moreover , governmental bodies that have jurisdiction ( e.g. , courts and law enforcement agencies ) may be entitled to access your personal information .
This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States .
Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States .
Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience .
If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States and in Sweden , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction .
By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data from your geographic location to our servers located in the United States and in Sweden .
As a global company , H&M has separate privacy policies for its international websites in different regions of the world .
When you give us personal information on a website or in a store , the information may be sent to servers outside of the country where you provided the information .
H&M takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any privacy policy that applies to an H&M international site or store where you provided your information .
H&M.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ( E.U. ) .
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date .
You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information by logging onto MY H&M .
You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by calling us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) .
Children are not eligible to use our Websites .
We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with their parents or guardians .
Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to H&M .
If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Website , and H&M becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible .
If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) or by e-mail http :
//www.hm.com/us/contact and we will remove the information about the individual immediately .
HOW DO I KNOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SECURE ?
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience .
We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information .
We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us .
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the tool bar or lower left-hand or right-hand corner of your browser .
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active .
To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser .
If you have accessed a secure server , the first characters of the address in that line should change from " http " to " https. "  
If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at our Website , please contact our customer service for assistance .
To protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer , be sure to close the browser and sign off the computer when finished using a shared computer .
We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information .
For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewalls , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , H&M can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps .
Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites .
Your Online Account When setting up an online account at any of our websites , you will be prompted to select a password .
The retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created , and all profile information , including your address book , is only available while you are logged in to your account .
After providing your password , you can edit or delete your information at any time through the " my account " page .
If you forget your password and notify us , a new password will be assigned and emailed to your email address .
We will not give passwords out over the phone , nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register .
Your address book , located in the " my account " page of each website , is your personal storage space .
We do not use the information in your address book to send email promotions or catalogs by mail .
If you receive a suspected fraudulent email that makes use of the H&M name , please contact us via email by clicking here or call us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) .
H&M retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose ( s ) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws .
Your consent to such purposes ( s ) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you .
If H&M should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if H&M should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of H&M business , H&M may be required to disclose or transfer your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties .
It is H&M 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions .
H&M can not , however , guarantee that H&M 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if H&M is sold or merges with another company .
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us at http :
//www.hm.com/us/contact .
Our Legal Services administers this policy .
You may write to this person at : H&M 215 Park Avenue South , Floor 15 , New York , NY 10003 , attention Legal Department .
