When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to :
( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services .
We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) .
We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods .
We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information .
We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results .
In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services .
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies .
To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel .
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services .
We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services .
We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties .
Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below .
You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser .
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website .
You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager .
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising .
When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements .
Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements .
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements .
For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator .
We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features .
For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements .
In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers .
If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this .
See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details .
We use the information that we collect for the following purposes : For the purposes for which you provided it ; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ; To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ; To administer sweepstakes and contests ; To process and respond to your inquiries ; To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ; To attribute content that you make available through the Services ; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ; To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ; To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ; To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services .
The Services are supported by advertising revenue .
We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers .
Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications .
We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you .
Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose .
We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below : We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf .
When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices .
We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims .
We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship .
We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property .
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses .
In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets .
To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you , you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated ( may be available on some Services and not others ) or by contacting us at privacy @
We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information .
Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable .
The Services may contain links to third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites .
We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services .
When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers .
In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply .
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information .
The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law .
If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy .
The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 .
We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services .
By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old .
Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services .
These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation .
Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services .
These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation .
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please send an email to privacy @
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties .
If you are a California resident and would like to request this information , please submit your request in an email to privacy @
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties .
Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website .
In accordance with Spanish Organic Law 15/1999 , of December 13 , in relation to the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature , data concerning the users that access the www.fcbarcelona.com , given their consent , will be included in an automated file that is the responsibility of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA , whose domicile is Avinguda Arstides
n ( 08028 ) Barcelona .
Users can voluntarily decide whether or not to provide their consent for the data that they supply of their own free will to be included in the file that is the responsibility of FC BARCELONA , which is used to keep users informed , to offer them products and/or services both of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA itself and of other organizations that collaborate with the Club that , through agreement , may have some special offer that could be of interest to the members , supporters and internet users that have supplied their details .
The user is also willing for FC BARCELONA to be able to provide his or her personal details to third party collaborators in order for these to be able to make offers and/or send communications to users for commercial or promotional purposes in relation to products or services that could be of interest to them .
If the user is not willing for his or her details to be included in any files and later used for informative and commercial purposes , he or she simply has to check the box denying authority to include said data in any files .
Should any user provide this authority but later decide to revoke that authority or make any modifications to the data supplied , he or she must send an e-mail to oab @ club.fcbarcelona.cat , or write to the address of the party responsible for the file indicated above .
The user reserves the recognized right to access , cancel , rectify or oppose any of their details , and reserves the right to be told how many times these details have been supplied to others , if at all .
FC BARCELONA possesses the technical knowledge and means required for the processing of computer databases and the provision of certain services and possesses and employs the security measures required for proper data protection and security in accordance with the regulations established by Spanish Law 15/1999 , on the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature .
Your personal information is being processed by the Haymarket Media Group ( 'Haymarket ' ) .
For a full list of our brands and business divisions please visit our web site .
Haymarket respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information .
We comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and aim to maintain consistently high levels of best practice in our processing of your personal information .
This Privacy Notice relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us through the Haymarket network of websites and/or other services provided by Haymarket .
In order to provide you with the full range of services , we may request and/or record information about you .
This privacy notice explains the following :  the type of information we collect ; how the information is used ; when we may contact you ; whether we will disclose your details to anyone else ; and the use of cookies .
Many Haymarket websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties .
These third party websites have their own privacy notices and we encourage you to review them .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk .
When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from any Haymarket website , such as a newsletter , competition , forum we will ask for limited personal information .
We will also collect personal information from you when you subscribe to one of our magazines and when you communicate with us over the telephone or via written correspondence .
This can include information such as your name , postal address , telephone or mobile number , fax number , email address , gender or date of birth .
Different Haymarket websites may ask for different pieces of personal information .
By entering your details in the fields requested , you enable Haymarket and its service providers to provide you with the services you select .
Haymarket will use your personal information for a number of non-marketing purposes including the following : we may contact you for service related reasons that you have subscribed to , signed up for , or participate in ( e.g. to make you aware of any delays in your subscription arriving on time , reminding you of a password or username , or about a comment you have made on a website. ) ; to invite you to share your opinions and comments through a research study about the level of service you receive from us ; to track traffic flows and to make our websites easier for you to use ; to fulfil subscription orders ; to provide a user online community ; and for planning and managing our business activities by understanding aggregated analysis on behaviour and habits ; We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group which includes our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006
Haymarket may use the information you have provided to promote the products and services of Haymarket or others .
However , be assured that we understand the irritations of unsolicited communications and are fully committed to ensuring the rights and obligations set out in the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 are respected .
If you do n't want it , you wo n't get it .
Any marketing communication you receive will always include a clear , simple option to refuse , or ' opt-out ' of such future communications .
You may also opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) .
The Telephone Preference Service ( TPS ) and the Mailing Preference Service ( MPS ) offer consumers important statutory and non-statutory protection against unsolicited marketing contact .
If you are registered on either service , Haymarket will assume that your subsequent submission of personal data via a Haymarket website or data capture form indicates , for the time being , your consent to receive marketing by us .
You may opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) .
Haymarket may disclose your personal data where it believes it is compelled to do so by law ; in particular for the prevention or detection of crime , the capture or prosecution of offenders ; and the assessment or collection of tax or duty .
Occasionally , we may share your contact information with carefully selected third party companies whose products and services we feel may be of interest to you .
We will keep these offers relevant to your interests .
It 's easy to unsubscribe from any email or mobile messages you no longer want .
( see below ) .
We use a number of third party organisations to help provide a professional service to our customers ( i.e. fulfilment bureaus , call centres , and website designers ) .
These organizations act as data processors and are strictly controlled in how they may/may not use your personal data .
We remain responsible for the protection of your data .
Please note that some of our partners may be located outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Countries outside the EEA may not be required to protect personal information as stringently as countries inside .
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that Haymarket holds about you .
There will be an administration fee of 10 associated with this request and will require two pieces of identification to prove your identity .
Please make a written application to the Data Protection Officer , Haymarket Media Group , Teddington , Middlesex ,
If any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect , you can click on the contact us link on each website .
If the incorrect information relates to your magazine subscription , then you can contact the customers services team on 08456 777 800 who will update your details as soon as practically possible .
This privacy policy may be updated at any time with or without notice in order to comply with new practices or regulations .
You may wish to visit this page every time you submit personal information to of Haymarket 's websites .
In order to enable us to provide you with a personalised browsing experience , this website uses ' cookie ' information collection technology . "
Cookies " are small pieces of information that are issued to your computer when you enter a website .
Cookies are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive , and they can be used for a wide range of purposes , such as identifying your computer 's previous visits to a website , and to ascertain the most popular features of a website .
This website uses cookies as they enable us to identify your computer when you visit the website .
For example , cookies can make it possible for us to identify and automatically log in registered users of certain services on the website without the need for us to ask users for their registration details and password each time they visit .
We also use cookies to develop a clearer picture of which parts of the website are the most popular to its visitors , and your preferences .
Cookies are also used in behavioural advertising to identify users who share a particular interest so that they can be served more relevant adverts .
If you wish to know more about cookies and how companies like Haymarket use them , please visit www.youronlinechoices.com or www.allaboutcookies.org .
Information on these websites will assist you in exercising your privacy rights providing guidance on how to opt-out of future access or continued storage of information via cookies .
Following recent revisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 relating to the notification and use of cookies Haymarket is currently working towards implementing the new requirements in line with guidance provided by The Information Commissioner 's Office .
If you have any further questions or comments concerning your privacy , please contact ; MAIL : Data Protection Officer Haymarket Media Group Teddington
If you do n't want to receive any more direct marketing messages then please click here .
Attribution Used throughout the site , Social Network Icon Pack by Komodo Media , Rogie King is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License .
Based on a work at www.komodomedia.com .
