SITE TOOLS Help Contact ESPN.com Insider Services Tools Site Map SPORT
SECTIONS Wednesday , August 18
Updated : July 16 , 5 : 09 PM ET GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM PRIVACY and SAFETY POLICY
THE INTERNET , PRIVACY , GO NETWORK AND
The Internet contains a wealth of information , unfortunately , it may also contain personal details about you that you do n't want everyone to know .
For example , your real name ( lots of people on the Internet use aliases , alter egos or nicknames ) , street address , phone number , or e-mail address .
When you go online , sites you visit may be gathering information about you without your knowledge .
ESPN.com we strive to help our customers protect their privacy while using our services .
TRUSTE LICENSEE GO Network and ESPN.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the GO Network and
When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of : What personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; What organization is collecting the information ; How the information is used ; With whom the information may be shared ; What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Member Services by email at comments @
help.go.com , by phone at ( 408 ) 543-6770 , or by postal mail at : GO Network and ESPN.com Member Services ATTN :
Privacy Policy Coordinator 1399 Moffett Park Drive , Sunnyvale , CA 94089 .
If the Web site has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact TRUSTe ( http : //www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html )  GO Network and ESPN.com 's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users .
This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it .
Using the Internet should be a fun experience and we want to help you make it so .
The information you provide for your personal GO Network and ESPN.com account is shared among the GO Network and ESPN.com sites as it is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable .
To facilitate global registration , your personal information is shared among the GO Network sites as it is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable .
However , be assured that GO Network and ESPN.com will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent .
GO Network and ESPN.com may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) GO Network and ESPN.com 's rights or property , other GO Network and ESPN.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
GO Network and ESPN.com may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it .
GO Network and ESPN.com share aggregate information about our users with advertisers , business partners , sponsors and other third parties .
For example , we will say GO Network and ESPN.com 's audience is x percent females and y percent males .
This data is used to customize GO Network and ESPN.com content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our users .
There are cases where GO Network and ESPN.com may ask you for personal information such as your name , email address , and birth date .
For example , we request personal information when you register for a GO Network and ESPN.com account , for online shopping or transactions , or for services that require registration or subscription ( for example fantasy sports ) .
GO Network and ESPN.com need to collect this information for fulfilling prizes , tracking/verifying compliance with GO Network and ESPN.com policies as well as federal , state and local laws and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes .
In case you change your mind or some personal information may change ( such as your zip code ) , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove the personal data you give us .
You can do this at the member information page or by contacting our Customer Support organization at comments @ help.go.com
Information provided at the time of Registration or submission from a guest who is 13 years of age or over may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by GO Network
and ESPN.com and our affiliates or companies that have been prescreened by GO Network and ESPN.com .
To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications directed to you , we allow you to opt-out of the following services : sharing your information in our member directory , receiving communications from GO Network and ESPN.com about new features or services , and receiving communications about offers from third-party companies that offer a product or service that we think would be of value to you .
If a guest objects to such use for any reason , he/she may stop that use -- either by e-mail request to comments @ help.go.com or by modifying his/her member information online .
Information provided when purchasing products from any of our online stores may be used for marketing and promotional purposes and is subject to the opt-out processes described on , or linked to , each order form .
GO Network and ESPN.com encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered on the sites .
No information should be submitted to or posted at GO Network and ESPN.com by guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian .
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection , GO Network and ESPN.com do not provide any personally identifying information , regardless of its source , to any third party for any purpose whatsoever from our guests under 13 years of age .
All registrants receive an e-mail confirming their Registration .
In addition , when a guest under 13 registers , he/she is required to provide the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian and tha this/her parent or guardian receives an e-mail alerting them to that Registration .
The parent or guardian must validate the account , as described in the e-mail , in order for the potential member to use most GO Network and ESPN.com interactive services .
No information collected from guests under 13 years of age is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever , either inside or outside GO Network and ESPN.com except as explicitly stated during registration for contests or promotions ( and in that case , the information collected is used only for the specific contest or promotion ) .
Although guests under 13 years of age are may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions , if such a guest wins , notification and prizes are sent to the parents or guardians identified in the initial registration process .
Publication of contest winners names , ages , or images for individuals under 13 require parental or guardian consent .
We do not allow guests under 13 years of age to be listed in our member directory or to receive direct marketing communications from GO Network and ESPN.com or to be sent our third-party offers .
Teens are required to provide the e-mail address of a parent or guardian and a A notification message is sent to the parent or guardian of all guests who are 13 to 17 years of age which identifies the information supplied at registration and allows the parent or guardian to be aware of and participate in the guest 's members online experience .
An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web . Web servers -- the big computers that " serve up " Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
GO Network and ESPN.com collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our site .
When guests request pages from GO Network and
ESPN.com sites , our servers log the guests ' IP addresses .
We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of service or to protect our service , site , customers or others .
Some services within GO Network and ESPN.com , such as certain message boards , may display IP addresses along with the message poster 's name and message .
Please review each service prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable with sharing .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you 're at our site .
We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies .
The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you 'll find them at most major Web sites .
By showing how and when guests use a site , cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not .
Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed .
This information is most easily tracked with cookies .
We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our users needs .
GO Network and ESPN.com have two primary uses for its cookies .
First , we use them to specify unique preferences .
For example , in GO Network and ESPN.com 's News Center , users can specify keywords across several news categories .
This way you do n't have to tell us over and over again about the kinds of news stories you want to see .
Secondly , we use cookies to track user trends and patterns .
This helps us better understand and improve areas of the GO Network and ESPN.com service that our users find valuable .
While both of these activities depend on the use of a " cookie , " visitors to GO Network
and ESPN.com always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences .
Information from cookies is sometimes attached to messages sent to our Customer Service department Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , note that some parts of the GO Network and ESPN.com service will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies .
For example , without cookies , you will not be able to set personalized news preferences or you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions , entering contests , or playing games .
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers .
GO Network and ESPN.com do not control these cookies .
The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry .
Links to other sites Users should be aware that when you are on GO Network and ESPN.com , you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control .
There are links to other sites from GO Network and ESPN.com pages that take you outside our service .
For example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement or an GO Network or ESPN.com search result , the " click " takes you off the GO Network or ESPN.com site .
This includes links from advertisers , Center sponsors and partners that may use GO Network or ESPN.com 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data or solicit personal information .
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online --- for example , via message boards or chat --- that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know .
While GO Network and ESPN.com strive to protect its user 's personal information and privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk .
GO Network and ESPN.com 's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet , and therefore beyond GO Network and
ESPN.com 's control , and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation .
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us .
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , GO Network and ESPN.com ca n't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services , and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard , SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption .
Your GO Network and ESPN.com Account is password protected so that only you can access it and view the member information relevant to the account .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
GO Network and ESPN.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email .
Ultimately , you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information .
Remember to sign out of your GO Network or ESPN.com account and close your browser window when you have finished your work .
This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others or if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or internet caf .
By using this site , you signify your assent to the GO Network and ESPN.com Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our sites .
Your continued use of the GO Network and ESPN.com sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site 's privacy statement , you should first contact the company at comments @ go.com
If you do not receive acknowledgment of if your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe ( http : //www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html ) .
Last Updated 9/9/99 1999 ESPN .
GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM PRIVACY POLICY AND INTERNET SAFETY INFORMATION GO Network
ESPN.com are committed to providing the best online family entertainment within a trusted environment .
Privacy and safety issues are important to us , and to that end we 're pleased to offer a variety of links to Internet resources .
The five links below should help make Internet surfing a fun and enjoyable experience for your entire family .
Internet Safety Tips Tools for Families
Reporting Trouble Online Guide to Good Content for Kids Get NetWise SAFETY TIPS
This is a great place for both new and advanced Web users to find information on using the Internet wisely .
Network 's Internet Safety Tips Keep your passwords private , even from your best friend !
Your online service will never ask for them , so neither should anyone else .
Use only your member name and/or e-mail address when chatting or sending e-mail .
Never give out personal information like your name , address , or phone number .
Always delete unknown e-mail attachments before opening them .
They can contain destructive viruses .
Remember that nothing you write on the Web is completely private - including e-mail .
So be careful and think about what you type and who you tell .
Not everyone is as nice , cute and funny as they may sound online .
Never make plans to meet an online " friend " in person .
More Safety Information from GO Network Cybernetiquette Comix - an entertaining , interactive way for families to learn valuable lessons about online safety .
Join classic Disney characters for adventure , fun , and online awareness tips .
Disney 's Doug - Safety Tips from " Doug 's Adventures Online "
- How much do you know about Internet safety ?
An overview of good manners on the Internet . "
Safe and Sound " -
An internet safety article from Family.com .
Safe Surfing for Kids -
An internet safety article from FamilyPC Magazine .
A number of tools exist to help parents manage their children 's online experience , including hardware and software programs that provide filtering options .
Below are links that contain useful information on choices and levels of filtering that parents can use during family time on the Web .
You can download special software or purchase specific hardware that will limit surfing to sites you deem appropriate for your household .
Many of these services are free of charge ; others require some form of payment .
Links to Filtering Software GO.com | Internet Content Filters page
SurfWatch Cyberpatrol EdView Anti-Defamation League Hate Filter Guardianet Bess Net Nanny X-Stop SOS KidProof Links to Articles and Other Resources JumpStart for Parents - Resource list of links for parents regarding child safety , filtering software , parenting organizations , and more .
An online source for information on making Internet access in libraries safe for children and communities .
This section offers links to a variety of local and national authorities and organizations that can assist you with specific online and safety concerns , including links to local police and the FBI .
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children - Information on Missing Children CyberTipline - Hotline if you have information on a missing child .
National Missing Persons Helpline - Support organization for those searching for missing family or friends .
APB Missing - Information on Missing Persons Suicide Crisis Center - Suicide Prevention Information Officer.com - Directory of Law Enforcement Agencies in the U.S. and around the World .
FBI Kids and Youth Educational Page - Crime Prevention U.S. Department of Justice Online - Information on the U.S. Dept. of Justice U.S. Department of Justice - Justice for Kids and Youth U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms
( ATF ) - Information on the ATF GUIDE TO GOOD CONTENT FOR KIDS
The Internet offers thousands of great Web sites and services for kids and families , but trying to figure out which sites are appropriate for different members of your family can be challenging .
This section provides a snapshot of kid-friendly sites designed to educate , guide and inform kids in all age groups .
Search and Directory for Kids GO Kids - One-stop shop for tons of great kids links
GO Kids | Surf the Web - Super-special search resource for cartoons , homework and games
Go Kids | Learn the Web - Web-education links from A to Z CyberPatrol 's Route 6-16 - Guide to the Web for kids , parents and teachers Fun and Activities
The number one site for family fun and activities
The Cartoon Network - Online home to some of your favorite cartoon characters Curiocity 's FreeZone - Online community for kids
Dr. Seuss 's Seussville -
Not just green eggs and ham !
Lego Worlds - Online building blocks
Bonus.com - Supersite for kids with fun , free activities CTW Family Workshop - Home of Sesame Street Ty -
The Official Home of Beanie Babies
The Wild World of Wonka -
The official Web site of the Willy Wonka Candy Factory .
Fun with Fruits and Vegetables Kids Cookbook - Safe , healthy fun for the kitchen Burger Town on KidsCom - Activities and recipes just for kids Cyberkids - Games , activities and community just for kids Learning on the Web Exploratorium - The museum of science , art and human perception Zoo Web - Your online link to zoos and aquariums around the world Smithsonian Institution - Online home of America 's most amazing museums and artifacts PBS Kids ! -
Public television 's online destination for kids HaringKids - Official Keith Haring Web site for children under 14 Children 's Literature Web Guide - Great resource for books and learning FunBrain.com - Educational online games for Kids SeaWorld/Busch Gardens Animal Information Database - Shamu and friends on the Web NASA Web - National Aeronautics and Space Administration home page TIME Magazine for Kids - Current news and views just for kids National Geographic for Kids - Links to amazing cultures and people around the world
The White House for Kids - Socks and Buddy give a full White House tour for kids Internet Public Library Youth Section - Super kid-friendly library links WhaleNet - An interactive education program - monitor whales , dolphins and others via satellite !
Com - Tips , links , and suggestions for your family 's online experience Kid 's Domain - Shareware and freeware for kids recommended by parents and teachers KIDSNET - Media guide for children 's TV and Internet programming KidsBank.com - A fun place for kids to learn about banking .
GET NETWISE GetNetWise is an online resource for families that , with the click of a mouse , will deliver information and tools needed to guide children to a safe , enriching experience online .
Functioning as an interactive directory , GetNetWise contains aggregated and syndicated content that can be found by clicking on the blue-and-white GetNetWise logo below .
It is the result of a broad industry effort to create an online environment where families feel empowered with the tools and information they need to safeguard children while providing access to an unprecedented wealth of global resources , information and contacts available on the Internet .
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information .
How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage .
In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page .
Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union .
To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page .
Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes .
Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets .
When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer .
Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request .
Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission .
Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo .
Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 .
See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) .
Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business .
For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links .
Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer .
Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies .
Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services .
Your Ability to Edit and Delete
Your Account Information and Preferences General
You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time .
New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time .
Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page .
Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo !
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 )
If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance .
This policy tells you how ESPN ( EUROPE , MIDDLE EAST , AFRICA ) LTD ( " ESPN " ) of 3 Queen Caroline Street , London , England with company registration number 06565173 collects information from you , how we protect it and how we use it , and covers all personal information which you provide when you use any of our ESPN sites ( the " Sites " ) , unless otherwise specified on the relevant Site where a different privacy policy will be displayed This Privacy Policy explains the choices you can make about how the information is collected and used .
By using the Sites or by clicking the " Register " or " Submit " button or other relevant button during your initial registration with the relevant Site , you signify your consent that we store and process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We will collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways including when you register on the Sites , use other ESPN services , enter competitions or prize draws , navigate around our Sites or respond to communications from us .
This information may be used for marketing ( where you have agreed to this ) and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , to provide , optimise and personalise our services and to send you newsletters and information ( where you have agreed to this ) .
We may use information about you to create a picture of your interests .
This will allow us to understand our customers and visitors better , so we can make our services and marketing more relevant .
Information that we use in this way may include :  ( i ) information about your use of this and other ESPN Sites ;  ( ii ) household classification data , ( iii ) your responses to communications from us ;  ( iv ) your interaction with other parts of the ESPN Group ;  ( v ) information you provide when you register on a Site ;  ( vi ) customer surveys ;  ( vii ) information provided by other companies , where you gave them permission to share this information .
We may use a variety of technical methods such as cookies and web beacons to collate this information ( see the section below on " Use of Cookies " for further information ) .
In line with any permissions you give us , we may send you direct marketing about our own , or carefully selected third parties ' goods and services and disclose your information to other organisations who may send direct marketing to you .
You can change your marketing preferences if you are registered with us .
Details on how to do this are set out below under " Our Registration Policy " .
In addition , you can unsubscribe from email communications via unsubscribe links provided in communications sent to you .
We may share your information with other members of the ESPN or Walt Disney Group worldwide .
As used in this Privacy Policy the ESPN Group includes ESPN Inc and The Walt Disney Company Limited and all of its subsidiary and affiliated entities , including companies such as those branded under Buena Vista , ABC and Disney labels that generally do not offer their products and services under the " ESPN " brand name , as well as companies that generally do offer their products and services under the " ESPN " brand name .
In this Privacy Policy " we " , " us " , " our " and " ourselves " means any member of this Group .
Wherever your information is processed by us , we will ensure that it is protected appropriately .
We will only pass on your information to third parties in the following situations : if this was clearly stated at the time of collection or registration and , where required , if you have given permission for this ; If we employ another organisation to perform tasks on our behalf - such as delivering goods to you .
In this case , the organisations may only use your information to fulfil this specific task ; If we sell the business of some of the ESPN group of companies to another organisation or merge with other businesses .
In this case , the buyer will only be able to use your information as set out in this Privacy Policy ;
If we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary for legal proceedings .
We may also disclose information when we believe in good faith that applicable law or regulation requires it or to protect the safety or security of users of our Sites ; and If we use third party processors to administer and process your personal information for the purposes notified in the Privacy Policy , e.g. for hosting activities related to the use of our Sites or services .
We may also share details with third parties ( such as auditors or legal advisors ) to obtain advice .
Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by law , preserving any statutory data protection rights .
As the ESPN Group operates globally , it may be necessary to transfer your information internationally to recipients located outside the United Kingdom and European Union either within the ESPN Group or to third party service providers .
Please be assured that we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
In this regard , we may transfer data to Group companies in the United States .
These companies will adhere to this Privacy Policy and to the " Safe Harbour Principles " officially declared by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection as compared to the data protection laws of European Union countries .
You can ask us to modify or remove your personal information from any or all of our mailing lists at any time or cancel your registration by clicking on the " Register " link or any other link we may provide for you .
We will use our reasonable endeavours to remove your name from the related mailing list within 10 working days of your request .
We collect information through technology to make our Sites and other content or services which we make available to you more interesting and useful to you .
For instance , when you come to one of our Sites via your computer or other media device , we may place cookies and web beacons on our Sites which may be used to collect information about the sections you visit , the products you are interested in and the frequency with which you visit various parts of our Sites .
You agree that we collect your IP address or other unique identifier .
At times , we also use these identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our Sites .
We may combine your IP address with other personally identifiable information for marketing and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , so we can optimize our products and services and customize the Sites for you .
Our Sites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including cookies and web beacons .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer or other media device while you are viewing or interacting with the Site .
We use cookies for a variety of purposes including tracking usage on our Sites in order
to- enhance our guests ' experience on our Sites and to learn more about your preferences and interests .
For instance , when you return to one of our Sites after logging in via your computer , cookies provide information to the Site so that the Site will remember who you are ( " visitor session information " ) .
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent , or you can choose to turn off all cookies .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Sites .
We also use these technical methods to analyse the traffic patterns on our Sites , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites .
We may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through cookies , web beacons and other technical methods with personally identifiable information in order to understand and improve your online experiences and to determine what products , promotions and services you prefer or are likely to be of interest to you .
We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests for a number of purposes including : to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails ; to customise the display of the banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed an email ; and to determine whether a guest has made an enquiry or purchase in response to a particular email .
Cookies , web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorised by us to collect information on our behalf .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that identifies you personally .
You may get cookies from our advertisers .
We do not control these cookies , and once you have clicked on the advertisement and left our Sites our Privacy Policy no longer applies .
You should be aware that when you are on our Sites you could be directed to other sites where the personal information collected is outside of our control .
The privacy policy of the new site will govern the information obtained from you on that site .
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the latest version on this and all our other Sites .
If we ever wish to use your personal information in a way which is incompatible with the information in this Privacy Policy , we will only do so with your consent .
If you have queries about our use of personal information , you can write to us at Legal Department , ESPN ( Europe , Middle East , Africa ) Ltd , 3 Queen Caroline Street , Hammersmith , London W6 9PE
Privacy Policy Effective Date :
August 16 , 2001 Updated : September 3 , 2013
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
This privacy policy ( the " Privacy Policy " ) applies to this website ( the " Website " ) .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect , how we may collect it , with whom we may share it , and certain other matters related to such information , including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you .
The Website is operated by NFL Enterprises LLC on behalf of the National Football League and the other members of the NFL Family ( as described in Section 4 below )
( " we " , " our " , or " us " ) .
We have contracted with third parties , including , without limitation , NeuLion , Inc. , to operate certain aspects of the Site on our behalf , such as the following subscription products : Audio Pass , Game Pass , Game Rewind and Red Zone ( collectively , the " Subscription Products " ) .
We own the information collected via the Website and we may use it for our own purposes , including marketing .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on the NFL.com website ; it does not apply to any other information collected or obtained through other means or information collected by the thirty-two individual NFL member clubs ( the " Member Clubs " ) .
NFL Enterprises LLC has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at NFLPrivacy @
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at http :
NFL Enterprises LLC complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
NFL Enterprises LLC adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view NFL Enterprises LLC 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
When this Privacy Policy uses the term " personally identifiable information " or " personal information , " we mean information that identifies a particular individual , such as your full name , street address or email address .
When other information , such as a favorite team or player , is associated with personal information , it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy .
That May Be Collected How Information
How We Use The Information Collected
With Whom The Information May Be Shared Links To Other Websites Security Data Retention Chat Rooms , Forums , and Message Boards
A Special Note For Parents
Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy And Notification Of Changes To The Privacy Policy Correcting/updating personal information
Your California Privacy Rights Questions About This Privacy Policy
The following are the types of information we may collect :
In the course of using the Website , we may ask you to provide us with certain information , including contact information , such as your name , mailing address , email address , phone number , or fax number ; unique identifiers , such as your user ID , or user password ; demographic information , such as your date of birth or age ; and financial information , such as your credit card number or similar information .
Website Usage Information We may receive and store certain types of internet usage information whenever you visit the Website , such as your click-stream data and your IP address .
See " IP Addresses and Click Stream Data " section below .
When you open emails from us , we may receive a confirmation notifying us that you opened the email , if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates .
Additionally , we keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive .
If you would like to opt-out of receiving such emails , please click on the " unsubscribe " link in the email and follow the instructions .
We may receive information about you ( e.g. , missing street number ) from other sources and add it to your personal information .
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Website , including but not limited to those described below : Registration You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information ; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Website may choose to offer , such as newsletters or contests .
Your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive ; however , please be advised that many products and services available on the Website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information , you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services .
Contests or Sweepstakes We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the Website that will require registration or the submission of personal information .
Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification , prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes ( see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used , including postings to the Website ) .
Surveys or Voting From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll .
Participation is voluntary , and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website .
At times , you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey .
Games When you register to play games on our Website , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information .
As with many websites , the Website uses a technology called " cookies. "  
A cookie is a collection of information that gets stored on the hard drive of your computer when browsing the Internet .
These small bits of code automatically identify your browser to the Website whenever your computer is used to visit the Website .
Cookies also let us know how many people visit the Website and where visitors go on the Website .
In addition , cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information , like how many times a user has been on certain pages .
For registered users , cookies can make using the Website easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences .
By tracking how and when you use the Website , cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not .
Many improvements and updates to the Website are based on data obtained from cookies .
Accepting cookies allows you , among other things , to personalize your experience on the Website .
Cookies may also allow the Website to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time .
Some areas of the Website , however , may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies .
Flash LSOs We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies please visit http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html# 117118 .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology
The Website uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites .
We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on the Website , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of the Website .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send to determine whether the recipients have opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable .
IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data .
An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university .
Standing alone , your IP address is not personally identifiable .
At times , we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors , for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of the Website .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information we obtain from you directly on the Website or any other of our other websites , or from third parties .
Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request pages from the Website .
Click-stream data may include such information as the page served , the time , the source of the request , the type of browser making the request , the preceding page view and other such non-personal information .
When analyzed , this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Website , what type of content is most popular , what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising , and the like .
If you conduct a financial or other transaction with the Website , such as subscribe to a Subscription Product or other products/services offered on the Website , we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you , including contact information , demographic information and/or financial information .
In some instances , we may direct you to a third party vendor site to collect this information from you directly .
Even though the collection form may have the look and feel of NFL.com , please be aware you will be giving your information directly to the third party vendor , and that in some instances such third party vendor 's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information .
Please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns .
We and/or our vendor will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested , i.e. to deliver the information , products or other services that you request or purchase , to invoice you , and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy .
For your protection , financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means .
We own the information collected on or through the Website .
As applicable , the information you provide to us may be used to :  contact you about the Website ; provide you with services or information you have requested or products or services you have ordered , such as subscription plans or other products and services contact you relating to your membership status ; confirm or fulfill an order you have made ; inform you of a prize you may have won ; monitor or improve the use of the Website ; customize the advertising and content you see ; monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Website ; and send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties .
At times , as described below , we may share your personal information with others for various purposes : Agents :
We employ other businesses ( e.g. , NeuLion , Inc. ) , certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , providing the Subscription Products , sending email , removing repetitive information from customer lists , Website analysis , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions , but may not use or disclose it for other purposes , like sending you marketing offers about their products .
Aggregate Information : We may share aggregate information , such as demographics and Website usage statistics , with advertisers , sponsors or other organizations .
When this type of information is shared , the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information .
Option to Receive Third Party Offers
: Throughout the Website you may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers sent from third party ( s ) .
Such opportunities will give you the choice to share your personally identifiable information with such third party ( s ) as necessary to receive such information or marketing offers .
If you do not elect to have your personally identifiable information shared , your personally identifiable information will not be shared with such third party ( s ) .
If you do choose to have your personally identifiable information shared , your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) solely for the purpose of permitting such third party ( s ) to provide you with such information and marketing offers .
Such third party ( s ) is/are not authorized by us to disclose your personally identifiable information to any other third parties .
Please be advised that if you elect to provide your personally identifiable information in response to such third party ( s ) marketing offers or otherwise , all information you disclose to such third party ( s ) will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information to such third party ( s ) .
Products or Services Offered in Partnership with Third-Party ( s ) :
Certain products and/or services available on the Website are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services .
Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration .
If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services .
We may share your information ( including , without limitation , personally identifiable information ) with all members of the NFL Family , including , without limitation , our subsidiaries and affiliates ( e.g. , NFL Properties LLC , NFL International LLC , NFL Enterprises LLC , NFL Ventures , L.P. , and NFL Ventures , Inc. ) , and any of the Member Clubs ( each of whom has its own privacy policy , which is available on each Member Club 's respective website ) .
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
: We may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Website .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Website and other websites you have visited .
Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in .
Audience and Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the Website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity .
Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Website cookies , the Website 's advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser .
Cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of a web page ) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Other companies ' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp in order to learn more about the information collection practices and " opt-out " procedures of third-party ad servers we may use .
In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party , or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred , all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer .
You will be notified of such a transfer in accordance with the " Changes to the Policy " section below .
E-mail Deployment : We may share email activity data with our agents to help such agents better target email deployments sent on behalf of us and such agent 's other clients .
While such third party may have access to your email addresses and email activity , and may share bulk/non-specific activity data with third parties , no email addresses or specific email activity will be shared .
If you wish to opt out of this sharing , please opt-out of receiving emails from us by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in the email and following the instructions .
Administrative or Legal Process :
We or others may disclose your personal information to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law , law enforcement agencies , to protect our or third parties ' rights , or to protect the rights of other users of the Website .
You should be aware that when you are on the Website you could be directed to other websites beyond our control .
For example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement , the " click " may take you off the Website onto a different website .
This includes links from advertisers , sponsors and marketing partners that may use the Website 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement .
These other websites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
If you visit a website that is linked to the Website , you should consult that website 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
The Website incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security , integrity , completeness , accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss , misuse and alteration .
Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software .
Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access .
Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at NFLPrivacy @
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
The Website and the NFL Mobile application ( " NFL Mobile " ) may make chat rooms , forums , commenting and message boards available to you and other users .
You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so .
If you post personal information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
In addition , when you post a comment to NFL Mobile , the user name with which you registered for the Website and your current location will be made publicly available on the Website and through NFL Mobile .
By using the commenting features of the Website and NFL Mobile , you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed .
We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room , forum , or message board .
Also , we can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at NFLPrivacy @
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
The Website is a general audience website .
On the Website , we do not currently knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen .
If , in the future , we collect personally identifiable information from children on the Website , we will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( 15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq. )  
including , without limitation , obtaining necessary parental consent .
For more information about the privacy practices for our affiliated website , NFLRush.com , which is directed to children , please consult the privacy policy at that website .
The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources .
Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience .
We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association 's website at http : //www.the-dma.org and explore the Get CyberSavvy !
Program as well as the GetNetWise website www.getnetwise.org to learn more about parental control tools .
By using the Website , you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make a material change to the way in which we collect , use , and/or share your personal information , we will post a notice on the Website and / or send an email to users who have provided an email address .
We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the Privacy Policy , as modified , if you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website thirty days after a notice is posted .
Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address .
If your personally identifiable information changes ( such as your email address or zip code ) , or if you no longer desire to have access to the Website , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove the personal data you have provided to us .
You may request that we do so by emailing us at NFLPrivacy @
nfl.com , signing into your online account and making the desired changes , or via mail at : NFL.com user information , 345 Park Avenue , New York , NY 10154 .
We will respond to your request within 20 business days .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of the National Football League who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please send an email to CAPrivacyRights @
nfl.com or write us at CA Privacy Rights , NFL Digital Media Group , 345 Park Avenue , New York , NY 10154 .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , contact NFLPrivacy @
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of this Website , please contact us by email at NFLPrivacy @
nfl.com or : NFL Digital Media Group 345 Park Avenue , 5th Floor New York , NY 10154
Website Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Last Updated : December 20 , 2013
Welcome to Bleacher Report , the online and mobile service of Bleacher Report , Inc .
( Bleacher Report , we , or us ) .
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose , and protect information that applies to our Service , and your choices about the collection and use of your information .
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use .
We collect the following types of information about you :  a .
Information you provide us directly
: We ask for certain information such as your first and last name , phone number and e-mail address when you register for a Bleacher Report account , or if you correspond with us .
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service , and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service , including posts from your blog .
We use this information to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service , and as further detailed below .
Information we may receive from third parties : We may receive information about you from third parties .
For example , if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in , for example , through Twitter or Facebook Connect , by following , liking , adding the Bleacher Report application , linking your account to the Bleacher Report service , etc. , that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Bleacher Report .
This information could include , but is not limited to , the user ID associated with your account ( for example , your Facebook UID ) , an access token necessary to access that service , any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us , and any information you have made public in connection with that service , including your public profile picture , news feed , posts on your wall ( including your friends ' posts on your wall ) , friends list , etc .
You should always review , and if necessary , adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Bleacher Report Service .
You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service .
If you unlink your third party account , we will remove the information collected about you in connection with that service .
Finding your friends on Bleacher Report : If you so choose , you can find your friends on the Bleacher Report Service .
Our find friends feature allows you to choose to locate your friends either through ( i ) your mobile device 's contact list , or ( ii ) your social media site accounts ( such as Twitter or Facebook ) .
If you choose to find your friends through your mobile device 's contact list , then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your contact list so that we can determine whether individuals in your contacts list are using our Service .
If you choose to find your friends through social media sites , then you understand that we may access your friends list , as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use , privacy policy , and your account settings on those sites , so that we can determine whether individuals in your friends list or social media network are using our Service .
Note that , in connection with the find friends feature , we do not retain any information contained in your mobile device 's contact list or information from social media sites about your contacts , and we do not use such information for any purpose other than to help you find and connect with your friends on Bleacher Report .
Adding a friend to a Group on Bleacher Report : If you choose to add another User or a third party ( an invitee ) to your Group on the Bleacher Report Service , or if you share an article or other content with members of your Group , you may provide us with the invitee 's first and last name , email address , mobile telephone number , or other contact information .
We may also allow you to access contact information through ( i ) your mobile device 's contact list , or ( ii ) your social media site accounts ( such as Twitter or Facebook ) .
If you choose to do so , then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your mobile device 's contact list or your social media account friends list , as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use , privacy policy , and your account settings on those sites .
We will use and store the information we collect to add that invitee to your Group , to create a temporary User ID and URL to permit that invitee to access your Group , to send a Message to the invitee , and to track the success of this feature .
Unless the invitee otherwise agrees , we do not use the invitee 's contact information for marketing purposes , and we do not share such information with third parties except as described below in Sharing of Your Information .
The invitee may contact us at any time to request that we remove his or her information from our records at support @ bleacherreport.com .
We may directly collect or use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service .
These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device as part of a web page request , including the web pages you visit , your browser add-ons , your browser 's width and height , and other information that assists us in improving the Service .
We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it can not reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user .
Cookies information : When you visit the Service , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Bleacher Report help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site .
A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service ( e.g. , the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on the Service ) , and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled .
Log file information : Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page .
When you use our Service , our servers automatically record certain log file information .
These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information .
Clear gifs/web beacons information : When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( also known as web beacons ) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients .
The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service .
Device identifiers : When you access the Service by or through a mobile device ( including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets ) , we may access , collect , monitor and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers , such as a universally unique identifier ( UUID ) .
Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device , which uniquely identify your mobile device .
A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware , data stored in connection with the device 's operating system or other software , or data sent to the device by Bleacher Report .
A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service .
A device identifier may remain persistently on your device , to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service .
Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled .
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device , we may access , collect , monitor and/or remotely store location data , which may include GPS coordinates ( e.g. latitude and/or longitude ) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device .
Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service .
Some features of the Service , particularly location-based services , may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled .
Commercial and marketing communications :
We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you .
We may send you emails or push notifications on your mobile device containing newsletters , promotions and special offers .
If you do not want to receive such email messages , you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences .
You may opt-out of push notification messages by changing your settings on your mobile device .
We will not send you marketing communications using SMS text messages .
We also use your information to send you Service-related notices ( e.g. , account verification , purchase and billing confirmations and reminders , changes/updates to features of the Service , technical and security notices ) to your email address or mobile device via push notification .
You may not opt out of Service-related messages .
You will also be able to be found on Bleacher Report based on information that you provide ( see Find friends on Bleacher Report ) above .
Use of certain service type information we collect about you :
We use or may use cookies , log file , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors , traffic , and demographic patterns ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems ; ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in ; ( g ) to provide advertising to your browser or device , and ( h ) automatically update the Bleacher Report application on your mobile devices .
We will not rent or sell your information into third parties outside Bleacher Report and its group companies ( including any parent , subsidiaries and affiliates ) without your consent , except as noted below : a .
Who we may share your information with : We may share your information with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you .
Those business partners will be given limited access to your information as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service , and we will require that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy .
Who you may choose to share your User Content with : Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service , such as User Content , becomes available to the public , as controlled by any available privacy settings .
To change your privacy settings on the Service , please change your profile settings .
Subject to your profile and privacy settings , any User Content that you voluntarily make public is searchable by other Users , including your full name and blog URL ( should you provide this optional information ) .
In addition , Bleacher Report allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the Service , and may allow third parties to access such information via the Bleacher Report application programming interface ( API ) .
If you remove information that you posted to the Service , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service , or if other Users have copied or saved that information .
What happens in the event of a change of control : We may buy or sell/divest/transfer our company ( including any shares in the company ) , or any combination of its products , services , assets and/or businesses .
Your information such as customer names and email addresses , User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions .
We may also sell , assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , acquisitions , bankruptcies , dissolutions , reorganizations , liquidations , similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company .
Instances where we are required to share your information : Bleacher Report will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service ; and/or ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Bleacher Report , our Users or others .
Sharing certain service type information we collect about you : We may share certain service type information , including information obtained through tools such as cookies , log files , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc. )  with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on How We Collect and Use Information .
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated , anonymized data with third parties .
Ads on Bleacher Report :
We may also share certain information such as your location , browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements ( ads ) that may be of interest to you .
Bleacher Report may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser or mobile device , the ads and ad links that appear on the Service , and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , device identifiers , location data , and clear gifs , see above ) to compile information about your browser 's or device 's visits and usage patterns on the Service , and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content .
Bleacher Report does not sell , rent , or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties ' own marketing purposes , unless you choose in advance to have your information shared for this purpose .
Additionally , you may wish to opt-out of receiving cookies by adjusting your browser settings to refuse cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed .
About Your Information below .
Please note that an advertiser may ask Bleacher Report to show an ad to a certain audience of Users ( e.g. , based on demographics or other interests ) .
In that situation , Bleacher Report determines the target audience and Bleacher Report serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser .
If you respond to such an ad , the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
The Bleacher Report Privacy Policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , third-party advertisers .
Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information .
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its subsidiaries , affiliates or service providers maintain facilities .
Bleacher Report may transfer information that we collect about you , including personal information , to affiliated entities , or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that we may transfer information , including personal information , to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction , and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its parent , subsidiaries , affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Keeping your information safe : Bleacher Report cares about the security of your information , and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information ( including Group hyperlinks , if applicable ) , and for controlling access to your email communications from Bleacher Report , at all times .
However , Bleacher Report can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Bleacher Report or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed .
Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Bleacher Report 's distributors , such as social networks .
Bleacher Report is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party .
Compromise of information : In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Bleacher Report will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate , notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps , in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations .
You control your account information and settings : You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings .
You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in such communications , by sending an email message to support @ bleacherreport.com , with the word " No email " in the subject field , or by sending mail to the following postal address :  Customer Support Bleacher Report 153 Kearny St. 2nd Floor San Francisco , CA 94108
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers .
You may not opt out of certain Service-related notices .
If you no longer wish to receive Messages , you may text STOP to the number indicated in the Message , or e-mail us at support @ bleacherreport.com .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly process all unsubscribe requests .
If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information , you can contact us directly at support @ bleacherreport.com .
Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising :
At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions .
Please refer to your mobile device or browser 's technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies , and other tracking/recording tools .
Depending on your type of device , it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device .
Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Bleacher Report or its business partners from tracking your browser 's activities in relation to the Service , and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties .
However , doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service .
If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools , you can contact us directly at support @ bleacherreport.com .
How long we keep your User Content : Following termination or deactivation of your User account , Bleacher Report may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup , archival , or audit purposes .
Bleacher Report does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users .
The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 , please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us at support @ bleacherreport.com .
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service , including the information or content contained therein .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website , our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services .
Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service , including those that have a link or advertisement on our website , are subject to that third party 's own rules and policies .
In addition , you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content .
If you are using a third-party website or service ( like Facebook or Twitter ) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means ( including offline ) or from other sources other than through the Service .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service , please contact us at support @ bleacherreport.com .
Bleacher Report may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices , and so you should review this page periodically .
When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the last modified ' date at the bottom of this page .
This privacy policy was last modified on August 22 , 2012 .
Please e-mail support @ bleacherreport.com .
Read the Terms of Use Read the Acceptable Use Policy NBA.com Network Privacy Policy Looking for the NBA.com
Click here The NBA.com , WNBA.com and nbadleague.com
web sites are operated by Turner Digital Basketball Services , Inc. and its affiliates ( " Turner " ) pursuant to an agreement with NBA Media Ventures , LLC ( " NBAMV " ) , NBA TV , LLC ( " NBATV " ) and NBA Properties , Inc .
( " NBAP " ) (
NBAMV , NBATV and NBAP collectively referred to as the " NBA Entities " ) ( NBA Entities and Turner collectively referred to herein as " we " , " our " or " us " ) .
The official National Basketball Association ( " NBA " ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective NBA teams .
The official Women 's National Basketball Association ( " WNBA " ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective WNBA teams .
The official NBA Development League ( " D-League " ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective D-League teams .
The NBA.com , WNBA.com and nbadleague.com sites , in addition to the official team sites of the NBA , WNBA and D-League , are collectively referred to as the " NBA.com Network. "  
Here at the NBA.com Network , we are committed to safeguarding your privacy .
This Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) describes the information we gather through the NBA.com Network , what we do with it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it .
Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected through the NBA.com Network .
It does not apply to any other information collected or obtained by any member of the NBA Family ( as defined below ) through other means .
Before you submit any information to the NBA.com Network , please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personally identifiable information .
By using any part of the NBA.com Network , including without limitation any official site of an NBA , WNBA , or D-League team , you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as outlined in this Policy and to the collection , processing and maintenance of this information in the United States , and where applicable , other countries .
If you do not agree to this Policy , please do not use the NBA.com Network .
Your use of any part of the NBA.com Network indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Policy .
You should note that the NBA.com Network includes certain " Third Party Sections " , which are operated by third parties other than Turner , including , without limitation , the NBA/WNBA Store at http : //store.nba.com , which is operated by GSI Commerce Solutions , Inc .
( " GSI " ) , and the NBA Photo Store at http : //photostore.nba.com/ , which is operated by Getty Images or its designee ( collectively , the " Third Party Sections " ) .
These Third Party Sections may be subject to the additional privacy policies of the companies that collect data through these Third Party Sections .
Please refer to the section entitled " Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections " below for more information .
You also should note that the NBA.com Network works with ( and may provide links to ) third party sites ( i.e. , sites that are not part of the NBA.com Network ) that advertise on and/or offer features and transactions described on the NBA.com Network ( e.g. , tickets , fantasy games , subscription services , chat rooms , message boards , registration for camps and clinics ) .
The organizations controlling those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that they comply with applicable laws , regulations , and rules .
If you visit a site that is not part of the NBA.com Network , we encourage you to review that site 's privacy policy before providing any personally identifiable information .
Please also note that the NBA.com China web site at NBA.com/china , the NBA.com Taiwan web site at NBA.com/taiwan , and the NBA.com Hong Kong web site at NBA.com/hongkong are operated in conjunction with TOM Group Limited .
Those in-language sites are subject to the in-language privacy policies that appear on those sites .
The NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
In addition , the NBA.com Network does not knowingly obtain , retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13 .
Accordingly , children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on the NBA.com Network ( including , without limitation , NBAStore.com and WNBAStore.com ( " NBA/WNBA Store " ) ) .
If you would like more information about the NBA.com Network 's policy with respect to children , please read our Note to Parents below .
If we make any material changes to this Policy , those changes will be posted here so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information is collected , how that information is used , and under what circumstances that information may be disclosed .
Since this Policy may change from time to time , you should review it periodically and specifically before you provide any additional personally identifiable information .
Your continued use of the NBA.com Network following the posting of changes to this Policy will signal your acceptance of such changes .
If you have any questions , comments , or requests regarding this Policy or the information practices of the NBA.com Network , please contact us by e-mail at FanRelations @
NBA.com or write to us at 477 Madison Avenue , New York , NY 10022 ,
Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
The organizations collecting the information What personally identifiable and other information is collected How personally identifiable and other information is used With whom the information may be shared Online Advertising Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; Opting-out The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information Choice of Law
The information collected through the NBA.com Network is collected on behalf of , and may be shared with , all members of the " NBA Family , " including without limitation Turner , the NBA Entities , WNBA Enterprises , LLC ( " WNBAE " ) , NBA Development League , LLC , each NBA , WNBA , and D-League team , and each of their respective parents and affiliates .
As stated above , the NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
Please review our Note to Parents , if you have any questions regarding our Policy with respect to children .
With respect to persons age 13 or older , the NBA.com Network collects personally identifiable information required to participate in certain NBA.com Network features and transactions ( e.g. , in connection with membership enrollment , newsletters , games , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , purchases on the NBA/WNBA Store , etc. ) .
This information may vary but will typically include your first and last name ; mailing address ( including city , state , zip code and country ) ; complete date of birth ; and e-mail address .
In case you are making purchases online , a credit card number ( including CID number ) and expiration date may be required as well as shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item and other transactional information based on your purchase activities through the NBA.com Network .
You may also be requested to provide a unique member name and password to access and use certain features of the site .
You may elect to provide us with other personally identifiable information , such as in your profile , or when you post comments or content to our public forums .
If you provide personally identifiable information in these ways , please note that such information may be available to the general public .
In order to better customize and enhance your membership experience , we may combine the information that you provide with supplemental information ( including mailing address updates and demographic data ) that we obtain from public sources or reputable third parties .
Information combined with personally identifiable information becomes , and is treated as , personally identifiable information under this Policy .
The NBA.com Network also may collect non-personally identifiable information , including without limitation , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows , MacOS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon , AT&T ) , the type and/or " device ID " of handheld or mobile devices you are using ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , the web pages you have visited within the Turner Network , sites visited before and after you visit a page on the NBA.com Network , your location information , the content you have accessed and the advertisements you have been shown and/or clicked on .
We may combine this and other non-personally identifiable information with the personally identifiable information that we have collected , including to customize a user 's membership experience .
In addition , the NBA.com Network may solicit from time to time your opinion ( e.g. , to determine your preferences and dislikes in order to provide you with a better product or offering ) .
These surveys are always optional , and your decision not to participate in a survey will not affect your status as an NBA.com Network user .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and NBA Family or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications
, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , your posts or ' likes ' ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
We may combine information which we obtain through social networking sites or applications with information we obtain directly through the NBA.com Network or from other sources .
When you allow us to access information from your social media account , it can enable us to do things like ( 1 ) deliver exclusive content to you , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly using your contact information .
By engaging with our content through social networking sites or applications , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Please note that when you provide personal information in publicly visible areas of social networking sites or applications , it may be viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
The NBA.com Network uses browser-based " cookie " technology , users ' IP addresses and similar technologies to customize and enhance your online experience on the site .
Browser cookies are pieces of information stored within your computer 's Internet browser that automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with our site .
Such technology is a common feature of many web sites and is necessary in order for certain features of our site to function properly or in order to provide an online service to you ( e.g. , membership enrollment , NBA/WNBA Store ) .
We also use cookies to help us understand the content and advertisements that you are shown while visiting our sites .
Please read about our online advertising activities to understand the use of cookies on the NBA.com Network to show you targeted advertising on our sites and across the Internet .
We may combine information which we obtain through the use of cookies with other information , including a unique identifier we have assigned to you , or with information we obtain from third party sources .
You may customize the browser settings of your computer to notify you when a browser cookie is sent or to refuse browser cookies altogether .
Please check your browser for instructions on how to make these adjustments .
We may also use flash cookies ( also known as " locally stored objects " ) to store information relevant to a particular application ( e.g. , in connection with an online game or to track participation in a poll ) .
We do not , however , use flash cookies to alter your browser settings regarding your preferences for the operation of browser cookies ( e.g. , we do not use flash cookies to recreate a browser cookie deleted by a user ) or as part of any targeted advertising activity .
If you would like to manage our use of flash cookies to store information about you , please visit the Website Storage Settings Panel , available through the Adobe Flash Player settings management tool , and select any websites that reference NBA.com ( e.g. , www.nba.com , nba-preview.nba.com ) .
You may also manage all uses of flash cookies on your computer through the Global Storage Settings Panel on Adobe 's settings management tool .
Third parties also may place their own cookies within your browser when you visit the NBA.com Network .
You should be aware that the NBA.com Network can not generally control the use of cookies ( or the resulting use of information obtained from cookies ) by third parties that host or provide data , content and services for , or advertise on , the NBA.com Network .
Please read about our online advertising activities to learn more about the use of third-party cookies for online advertising purposes and your ability to opt out of this use of your information by third-parties .
Please review the privacy policies of other websites of which you are a user or member to learn more about those sites ' practices .
As noted above , you may customize your browser settings to match your comfort level with regard to the use of cookies .
If you reject " third party " cookies , you may limit the ability of third parties to collect information about your activities on the NBA.com Network .
You may also choose to reject all cookies , although this may limit your access to certain features on the NBA.com Network , including certain personalized content .
The NBA Family may use your information to provide you with services and information you have requested or products you have purchased ( e.g. , membership updates , e-mail newsletters , NBA/WNBA Store orders ) and to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems .
The NBA Family also may use your information to respond to specific inquiries made by you ( e.g. , in response to job applications , e-mailed questions ) ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our Terms of Use ; and to customize , measure , analyze and improve our services , content and layout .
In addition , the NBA Family may use your information and/or supplement your information with information we obtain from other sources ( e.g. , partners , third party providers , public sources ) to customize and enhance your online experience , including for online advertising purposes as described below , and to notify you about special offers , products , services , and information that we think may be of interest to you .
You can opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us at any time by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received .
You may also change or update your personally identifiable information by visiting the membership area at NBA.com/allaccess , or ( if applicable ) the " My Account " area at the NBA/WNBA Store .
As indicated above , the NBA.com Network may disclose personally identifiable information to those within the NBA Family .
From time to time , the NBA.com Network may also share personally identifiable information with third parties we have engaged to perform certain services in connection with the operation of certain aspects of the NBA.com Network , including to customize , measure , analyze and improve our services , content , and layout .
These third party service providers are authorized to use this information only in a manner consistent with this Policy .
The NBA Family has several sponsors and other business partners that can offer valuable products and services to our users .
Except as indicated otherwise on the NBA.com Network , the NBA.com Network will not disclose your e-mail address to these partners if you have indicated that you do not wish to receive information , special offers or promotions from third parties via e-mail .
From time to time , the NBA.com Network may share or provide non-identifiable information to these partners , and , in addition , the NBA.com Network may provide them with mailing address and other information so that they may extend offers to you .
If you do not want your personally identifiable information shared with these partners , you may make such a request by sending us an e-mail at FanRelations @
NBA.com or writing to 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 , Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
Your information also may be provided to an entity that acquires all or any part of the NBA.com Network 's assets or in a merger or acquisition , in which case , you will be notified of such transaction and advised of any change in the applicable privacy policy .
Further , we may disclose information in our discretion to cooperate with law enforcement or other government officials , or if asked to disclose information by subpoena , court order or other legal process .
While the NBA Family is careful in choosing its partners and advertisers , we are only responsible for content on our own sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us .
All third parties associated with the NBA.com Network and/or to which the NBA.com Network may link ( including , but not limited to , advertisers , sponsors and other Internet sites ) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices .
We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site that you visit .
The NBA.com Network does not control this collection of information and can not be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties .
The NBA.com Network engages Turner and third parties to deliver advertisements on our sites and on our behalf across the Internet .
Often the ads presented to you are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your online experience .
As part of this process Turner and/or these third parties may collect information about your online activities across the NBA.com Network , the Turner Network and other sites in an effort to make inferences about your interests and deliver to you advertisements targeted to those interests .
The parties that may deliver such " interest-based ads " on our behalf include , but are not limited to :
Turner serves advertisements on our behalf across the network of sites operated by Turner - which currently includes , but is not limited to , NBA.com , CNN.com , TBS.com , TNT.tv , TCM.com , AdultSwim.com,Golf.com , Fannation.com , TruTV.com , PGA.com , PGATour.com , thesmokinggun.com,si.com , ncaa.com , mmod.ncaa.com , teamcoco.com and NASCAR.com ( collectively , the " Turner Network " ) .
The sites included within the Turner Network may change from time to time .
Turner collects non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about the pages you view and your activity on NBA.com and the other sites within the Turner Network through the use of cookies and web beacons .
Turner then uses the information collected via these technologies to make inferences about your interests ( for example , whether you are following the NBA Playoffs ) for the purpose of delivering interest-based ads to you ( such as an advertisement relating to the NBA Playoffs ) while you are visiting other sites within the Turner Network .
on our behalf to use web beacons along with cookies to collect these same types of data about your activities on NBA.com in order to determine your interests and to deliver interest-based ads to you while you are visiting certain Yahoo !
In addition , TeamStore , which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site , also participates in a search " retargeting " program through Yahoo ! to serve ads on behalf of the NBA/WNBA Store site based on your keyword searches on Yahoo ! 's web search engine when you are visiting other sites across Yahoo !
Network Plus - including Yahoo !
As part of this process , Yahoo !
places a cookie on your browser so that Yahoo ! can be notified when your browser is visiting a site on Yahoo !
Network Plus on which Yahoo ! can deliver targeted advertisements .
GSI , which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site , also conducts a " retargeting " program through its affiliate , Fetchback Inc .
( " Fetchback " ) , to serve ads on behalf of the NBA/WNBA Store site when you are visiting other sites on the Internet .
To do this , Fetchback uses JavaScript tags and cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store site .
Fetchback uses this information to deliver interest-based ads to you while you are visiting third-party sites across the Internet .
Fetchback also contacts one or more third-party advertising companies when you visit certain pages within the NBA/WNBA Store site .
As part of this process , Fetchback enables these third-party advertising companies to place a cookie on your browser so that Fetchback can be notified when your browser is visiting third-party sites on which Fetchback has the ability to deliver online advertisements .
Please note that these third-party advertising companies are not authorized to use the cookies placed on your browser for any other purpose .
You can view and delete these third-party cookies that have been placed on your browser through your browser 's specific cookie management tools , as described above ( for example , Internet Explorer users can view and delete cookies through the Internet Options tab within the Tools menu ) .
Some of these third parties may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , and you can opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from NAI members , as described below .
Google AdWords : In conjunction with our media partners and agencies , the NBA Entities also conduct " remarketing " campaigns using Google AdWords .
To do this , we authorize Google to use tags and cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the NBA.com Network , which Google then uses to deliver targeted advertisements to you for NBA products and services ( e.g. , NBA League Pass ) based on your keyword searches on Google 's search engine .
To learn more about how Google uses cookies in advertising , click here .
For information about how you can limit , or opt out of , Google 's use of cookies for advertising , visit Google 's Ad Settings page .
We may also utilize Adobe technology , including placing pixels and/or cookies on your browser , to collect non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about the pages you view and your activity on the NBA.com Network .
We use that information to perform site analytics , to tailor our website and other content to your likely interests , or to deliver interest-based ads to you across the Internet on behalf of the NBA Family or our partners ( for example , an NBA-themed ad on a sponsor 's website ) .
Although the majority of the online advertisements on the NBA.com Network are served through Turner , we also allow third-party ad serving companies , including other ad networks , to deliver advertisements on behalf of advertisers on the NBA.com Network .
These companies currently include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick DART for Advertisers , Google , Atlas DMT , and Unicast and ValueClick Media .
These third parties may also utilize web beacons , cookies , or similar technologies as part of their ad serving activities .
To learn more about the use of these technologies by DoubleClick and Google for the purposes of serving advertisements , please visit the Google advertising privacy page .
Opting Out : If you do not want your information to be collected on the NBA.com Network for purposes of delivering interest-based ads while you visit sites within the Turner Network or third-party sites across the Internet , you have multiple options for exercising your preferences .
As described above , if you configure your browser settings to reject all " third-party " cookies , you will not receive interest-based ads delivered on our behalf .
If you prefer a more limited form of opting out without rejecting third-party cookies altogether , you may opt out of receiving interest-based ads from some of the individual entities that deliver such advertisements on our behalf .
Opting out of receiving interest-based ads will not reduce the number of advertisements you receive or otherwise affect your use of the NBA.com Network .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered to you by Turner on the Turner Network , please click here .
The Turner Network is also a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the " DAA " ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from Yahoo ! on certain Yahoo !
network sites based on your activities on NBA.com or your Yahoo !
keyword searches , please click here .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from Fetchback on third-party sites across the Internet , please click here .
To opt out of the receipt of targeted advertising and other tailored content that utilizes Adobe technology , please click here and scroll down to the section titled , " Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you. "  
Other ad networks that may be involved in the delivery of advertising on the NBA.com Network may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative of online advertisers that offers a centralized tool for opting out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered by each of its member companies .
To learn more about the NAI and its opt-out tool , please click here .
To opt out of interest-based advertising by DoubleClick and/or Google , please click here .
The practices described in this section apply only to information gathered through the Third Party Sections ( such as those indicated below ) and do not reflect practices with respect to information gathered elsewhere on the NBA.com Network .
NBA/WNBA Store .
At the NBA/WNBA Store , if you register or order products , you may provide personally identifiable information about yourself ( or about others , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient ) such as : name , birth date , mailing address , e-mail address , telephone number , and credit card information .
The NBA.com Network has engaged GSI to perform services in connection with the management and operation of the NBA/WNBA Store .
As such , in connection with the NBA/WNBA Store , GSI and its service providers will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store , subject to the terms of this Policy .
Examples of how GSI and its service providers may use your data include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , marketing and promotional material distribution , site evaluation and data analysis .
You may update your NBA/WNBA Store account information or e-mail preferences by visiting the " My Account " area at NBAStore.com or WNBAStore.com .
At the NBA Photo Store , if you register or order products , you may provide the following types of personally identifiable information about yourself ( or about others , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient ) : name , address , e-mail address , date of birth , telephone number , and credit card information .
The NBA.com Network has engaged Getty Images or its designee to perform services in connection with the management and operation of NBA Photo Store .
As such , in connection with the NBA Photo Store , Getty Images or its designee will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your purchases or registration on the NBA Photo Store , subject to the terms of this Policy .
Examples of how Getty Images or its designee may use your data include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , marketing and promotional material distribution , site evaluation and data analysis .
The NBA.com Network may conduct one or more fantasy games in conjunction with third parties .
In connection with such fantasy games , the third party partner will have access to and may use the personally identifiable information you provide , subject to the terms of that third party 's privacy policy , which will be posted on the registration page .
Please review the posted privacy policies of such third parties for more information .
Return to top Subject to the limitations described below , if you elect to be an NBA All-Access member , you will periodically receive emails regarding your membership ( e.g. , emails containing or describing membership benefits , informing you of changes to your membership benefits , or providing other information about your membership ) .
In addition , as an NBA All-Access member or as a customer at the NBA/WNBA Store , you will have the opportunity to receive newsletters , selected sponsor offers , and other promotions by e-mail .
You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the enrollment process or subsequent changes made to your preferences .
If you wish to change your email preferences , you may do so by visiting the membership area ( NBA.com/allaccess ) , the " My Account " area at the NBA/WNBA Store ( if applicable ) , or by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received .
If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your preferences .
If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the sign in area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you .
For existing members who have not signed up for an NBA All-Access membership , and for all members located in Germany : During the registration process , you may have been asked to indicate whether you wish to receive newsletters , selected sponsor offers , discounts and other promotions by e-mail .
You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the registration process or subsequent changes made to your preferences .
If you wish to change your preferences , you may do so by following the instructions provided within the e-mails received .
You may also visit the NBA All-Access membership area ( NBA.com/allaccess ) , where you may enroll in , make changes to , or cancel your membership .
If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your registration preferences .
If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the registration area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you .
In either case , you also may request to be removed from our catalog and mailing list by writing to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 .
NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
Please be sure to include your full name and mailing address so that we can properly process your request .
To obtain information about having your name and home address removed from marketing mailing lists on a national basis , you may wish to contact the Direct Marketing Association at www.the-dma.org .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered on behalf of the NBA.com Network , please visit the online advertising section of this Policy .
The NBA.com Network has generally accepted security measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under its control .
The servers for the NBA.com Network that contain personally identifiable information are stored in a physically secure and climate controlled off-site facility .
Beyond the physical protection of the servers , we protect against data loss by backing up data , performing consistency checks , and restricting access to information on our servers .
When receiving financial information ( e.g. , credit card number , credit card expiration date ) for completing certain online transactions , including those in connection with the NBA.com/WNBA Store , the NBA Photo Store , and NBA League Pass , our site uses SSL or " Secure Sockets Layer , " an industry standard security protocol .
Other features , like email and contact us , are not encrypted .
When providing sensitive information on the Internet , you should also look at your browser to determine whether SSL technology is being employed ( usually indicated by an image of a lock in the browser frame ) .
In addition , only those trained employees needed to carry out our business functions will be authorized to have access to information on individual NBA.com Network customers .
It is important to remember that whatever you transmit or disclose online can be collected and used by others or unlawfully intercepted by third parties .
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your information , we can not warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Your site membership account is password protected .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
At no time will any NBA.com Network employee ask for your password via e-mail .
If you ever receive such an inquiry , please notify the NBA.com Network immediately at FanRelations @
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your member names , passwords and/or other account information .
Any information voluntarily disclosed by users and posted on our site ( on message boards , web logs , and/or in chat areas ) may be viewed and used by others .
If users post personally identifiable information that is accessible to the public online , the user does so at his or her own risk .
Users accept that they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
To keep personally identifiable information that you provide via this site accurate , current and complete , please contact us by e-mail at FanRelations @
NBA.com or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 , Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
Upon receiving your communication , we will take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our possession , or to remove you from our catalog and mailing list .
You also will have the option to correct any inaccuracies in your site membership account or other registration by returning to the membership area and updating your profile and preferences or re-registering .
If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your membership information .
If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the membership area and requesting that a hint be sent to you at the e-mail address you originally provided during enrollment .
If any disputes arise between us regarding your use of the NBA.com Network , such disputes shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of New York , without regard to its choice-of-law provisions and the federal and state courts of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims .
Return to top California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please send an e-mail to FanRelations @
NBA.com or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 .
NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
It is the NBA.com Network 's policy not to knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A number of interactive features on the NBA.com Network require registration to participate ( e.g. , e-mail newsletters , membership ) .
All registrants will be required to enter their full name , date of birth , e-mail address and , in some instances , zip code .
If the NBA.com Network determines that a person is under the age of 13 , based on the information provided during the enrollment process , that person will not be permitted to register for such features on the NBA.com Network .
Instead , when a child under 13 years old tries to register , he or she will be directed to content which does not involve the submission of personally identifiable information .
Children who indicate that they are under 13 years old will not be able to make credit card purchases or participate in interactive features on the NBA.com Network that involve the collection and retention of personally identifiable information ( e.g. , entering a sweepstakes ) and they will not be contacted about special offers or promotions .
The NBA.com Network works with ( and may provide links to ) third party sites that offer features described on the NBA.com Network .
Registration for these features is pursuant to the privacy policies of the third parties operating the web sites on which registration occurs .
Such third party sites may permit children under the age of 13 to register for these features on their sites in accordance with the privacy policies posted on those sites .
The operators of those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that their sites comply with applicable laws , regulations , and rules .
For more information , please review the privacy policies of each respective third party site .
Return to top LAST UPDATED :
Copyright 2013 NBA Media Ventures , LLC .
Use of this site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for NBA.com , WNBA.com , and nbadleague.com .
Privacy Policy TRUSTe online privacy certification
Last Modified : December 30 , 2013
This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted .
It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application .
We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate .
We Collect How We Collect Your Information Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies
Sharing Your Information with Other Companies
Your Controls and Choices Children 's Privacy Data Security and Integrity Data Transfers , Storage and Processing
Globally Changes to this Privacy Policy Comments and Questions
We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information .
We collect the following categories of information :  Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information
Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send back to top of page
We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us .
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform .
The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices .
Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications .
We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms .
Please visit Online Tracking and Advertising for further information , including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies .
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically .
Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it .
back to top of page
A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information .
The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here .
Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :  Provide you with the products and services you request Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you :
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications .
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking , please visit Online Tracking and Advertising .
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal back to top of page We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including : When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as : Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices .
When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services
When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law back to top of page We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information .
In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :  You may correct , update and delete your registration account You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you
You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by visiting Communication Choices , contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you .
Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences .
If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services .
back to top of page We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications .
Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features .
When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :  Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information
In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children 's personal information , please read our Children 's Privacy Policy .
back to top of page The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
back to top of page We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information .
Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent .
We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia .
back to top of page From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes .
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent .
back to top of page
If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services .
Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information .
Notice to California Residents :
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California .
To make such a request , please send an email to caprivacy.wdig @
twdc.com or write us :  
CA Privacy Rights Disney Interactive
500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667
In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains .
If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online .
back to top of page Definitions Aggregate Information .
Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest .
back to top of page Anonymous Information .
Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest .
back to top of page Application .
Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests .
back to top of page Children .
Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information .
In the United States and Latin America , the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age .
back to top of page Data Controller .
The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :  Sites and Applications Company Contact Information Disney Club Penguin ( Club Penguin ) Disney Canada Inc. ( formerly known as Disney Online
Studios Canada Inc. )  Club Penguin
c/o Disney Online Studios Canada Inc.
1628 Dickson Avenue , Suite 500 Kelowna , British Columbia V1Y
clubpenguin.com Disney Movies Online Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc .
Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services Disney Studio
All Access Disney Movie Rewards Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc. , Walt Disney
Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America Guest Services
All other sites and applications
Disney Online Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America Guest Services back to top of page Data Processor .
A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) .
back to top of page IP Address .
An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university .
We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information .
back to top of page Member .
Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
back to top of page Notice .
Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law .
back to top of page Parents .
Parents means a parent or legal guardian .
back to top of page Personal information .
Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number .
When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information .
back to top of page Public Forums .
Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience .
If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party .
To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services .
back to top of page The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names .
These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services .
The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :  ABC Babble Baby Einstein BabyZone Club Penguin
Hollywood Records Indiana Jones Lucasfilm Marvel Muppets Playdom Spoonful Star Wars Tapulous Touchstone back to top of page Guest Services Contact Information United States of America :  Guest Services Disney
Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services
For questions related to children 's privacy , you may also telephone Guest Services at ( 877 ) 466-6669 .
CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date :
The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated .
Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy .
Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc .
( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected .
Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive .
We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles .
Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site .
Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit .
Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  
In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  
Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) .
Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information .
Information we obtain from other sources .
Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive .
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law .
We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you .
With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners .
For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services .
Authorized third-party service providers .
We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing .
These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose .
Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions .
When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis .
Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list .
Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law .
All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion .
Co-Branded Partners .
Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature .
You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently .
You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner .
In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner .
Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information .
CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses .
The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements .
Protect our Web Sites and users .
We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use .
Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising .
We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings .
This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you .
Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message .
Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements .
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising .
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) .
You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve .
To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page .
Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site .
You also may update or amend your information by contacting us .
If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations .
For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you .
We are committed to protecting your information .
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft .
Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries .
Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law .
The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence .
By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information .
For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom .
Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us .
For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 .
Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 .
In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws .
To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy .
Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions .
Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use .
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety .
We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions .
This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service .
Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site .
Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy .
Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings .
If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting .
If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time .
You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc.
235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105
Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office .
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern .
Back To Top The BBC is committed to protecting your and your family 's personal information when you are using BBC services .
We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience .
This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text , by email , in letters or correspondence .
It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online , on mobile or on the Red Button service .
In order to provide you with the full range of BBC services , we sometimes need to collect information about you .
This Privacy Policy explains the following :  what information the BBC may collect about you ; how the BBC will use information we collect about you ; when the BBC may use your details to contact you ; whether the BBC will disclose your details to anyone else ; your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us ; the use of cookies on BBC websites and how you can reject these cookies .
The BBC is committed to safeguarding your personal information .
Whenever you provide such information , we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information , including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the " data protection laws " ) .
BBC websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties .
These third party websites have their own privacy policies , and are also likely to use cookies , and we therefore urge you to review them .
They will govern the use of personal information you submit , which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk .
The BBC is the largest broadcasting organisation in the world .
We are a public service broadcaster , established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by UK households .
The BBC includes the BBC World Service , which broadcasts to the world on radio , on TV and online , providing news and information in 32 languages .
It is funded by a government grant , not from the licence fee .
The BBC also has a commercial arm , BBC Worldwide Limited and its group companies ( BBC Worldwide ) .
BBC Worldwide is a wholly owned subsidiary and returns its profits to the BBC for investment in new programming and services .
Amongst other activities , BBC Worldwide operates the international , advertising-funded version of the BBC website , bbc.com , for users from outside of the UK .
BBC Worldwide 's activities are only covered by this Privacy Policy in relation to its use of any personal information collected on bbc.com .
To find out more about BBC Worldwide , its commercial operations and how it will use personal information collected when you use its other international and UK services , please see its corporate website and the BBC Worldwide Privacy Policy .
When we refer to ' we " or ' our " or ' the BBC " we are referring to the BBC , the BBC World Service and BBC Worldwide ( but only in relation to BBC Worldwide 's use of information collected via bbc.com ) .
When you participate in , access or sign up to any of the BBC 's services , activities or online content , such as newsletters , competitions , live chats , message boards , telephone or text the BBC , vote , donate money to a BBC charity appeal , book tickets for a BBC event or create an account using the BBC 's online registration system we may receive personal information about you .
This can consist of information such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone or mobile number or date of birth , depending on the activity .
By submitting your details , you enable the BBC ( and where applicable its contractors ) to provide you with the services , activities or online content you select .
Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information , and sometimes sensitive personal information ( e.g. if you 're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings ) .
When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it .
The BBC also uses cookies ( see section 13 below for details ) and collects IP addresses ( an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet ) from visitors to BBC websites .
The BBC will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following : to provide our services , activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries ; for " service administration purposes " , which means that the BBC may contact you for reasons related to the service , activity or online content you have signed up for , as set out in section 5 below ( e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service , activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance ) ; to contact you about a submission you have made , including any content you provide .
For additional information , please see the UGC FAQS ( User Generated Content Frequently Asked Questions ) ; to provide you with information about our services , activities or online content ; to personalise the way BBC content is presented to you ( e.g. if the first thing you look at every day on the BBC website is the weather for Luton , we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage ) ; to use IP addresses to identify the location of users , to block disruptive use , to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not .
If not , you will be re-directed to the international version of the BBC website ( bbc.com ) , ( see section 12 for details ) ; to analyse and improve the services offered on BBC websites ; to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience .
The BBC may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individuals are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes ; and when you access the BBC website from outside the UK , you will see the international version ( bbc.com ) which features advertising .
A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user .
BBC Worldwide uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at on the international version of the BBC website and other BBC Worldwide sites , and your IP address information .
This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as onsite behavioural targeting .
The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not know who you are : it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you , if you are accessing the BBC website from outside the UK , which it believes are relevant .
Find out more about BBC Worldwide 's use of its behavioural targeting system in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
It is important to remember that you will only see this advertising , and receive Behavioural Targeted Marketing cookies , if you are visiting bbc.com from outside the UK .
Where the BBC proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first .
You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above .
The BBC may contact you : in relation to any service , activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the BBC can deliver the services to you ; in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about BBC products or services ; in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the BBC , e.g. on the BBC message boards or via text or voicemail message ; to invite you to participate in surveys about the BBC services ( participation is always voluntary ) ; and for marketing purposes , where you have agreed to this ( see section 6 below )  
Local pages will give you detailed information about how the BBC will contact you in relation to specific services , activities or online content .
The BBC will only use your information for marketing purposes , or to promote new services , activities or online content where you have agreed to this .
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law ( for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies ) or as described in section 8 below .
Generally , we will only use your information within the BBC .
However , sometimes the BBC uses third parties to process your information on our behalf .
The BBC requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and the BBC requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way .
If you post or send offensive , inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to BBC websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any BBC service , the BBC may use your personal information to stop such behaviour .
Where the BBC reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws ( e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory ) , the BBC may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer , school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour .
If you are aged 16 or under , please get your parent/guardian 's permission before you provide any personal information to the BBC .
Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information .
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity , or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the BBC or the BBC 's corporate retention schedule ( a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long ) .
If you cancel your registration as a BBC website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and , while the BBC can not use the personal information , it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically .
Where you contribute material to the BBC we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose ( s ) for which it was submitted .
For example , we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition .
However other projects ( e.g. the People 's War website ) are likely to have a longer , or even permanent , duration .
The BBC , as a publicly funded organisation , also has an obligation to record snapshots of history which may include some User Generated Content i.e. content provided by the public .
Therefore , some content submitted to , or shared with , the BBC may be retained for prolonged periods of time or potentially indefinitely in the BBC 's Archive , which is true of News contributions which are published .
There may also be rare instances where we will share your contribution with third parties in the interests of maintaining historical archives ( e.g. contributions about people 's experiences in the Second World War were given to the Imperial War Museum ) .
Where possible , we will endeavour to inform you upfront or let you know at a later date where we are likely to keep content indefinitely or pass it onto an approved historical archive .
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the BBC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected .
( We charge 10 for information requests and require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification ) .
We will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you on our files .
Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer , Room2252 , White City Building , 201 Wood Lane , London W12 7TS
( Email : dpa.officer @
The BBC website is published in the UK by the BBC as bbc.co.uk .
The international version of the website , bbc.com , is made available to international users accessing the website from outside the UK by the BBC 's commercial subsidiary , BBC Worldwide Ltd , on a commercial basis ( i.e. some of the pages you access from outside the UK will have advertising on them ) under licence from the BBC .
Please note that some pages of the BBC website are made available to users outside the UK on a non-commercial basis ( for example , the front page for the BBC World Service 's foreign language sites , e.g. http : //www.bbc.co.uk/mundo/index.shtml ) .
All personal information submitted by users outside the UK to bbc.com and to the World Service 's foreign language sites will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy ( and any local terms that apply to certain areas of the site ) .
Where there is a conflict , the local terms will apply .
What is a cookie ?
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer , tablet or mobile phone ( referred to here as a " device " ) browser from a website 's computer and is stored on your device 's hard drive .
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other websites .
Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows .
On BBC websites , cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests .
During the course of any visit to a BBC website , the pages you see , along with a cookie , are downloaded to your device .
Many websites do this , because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device ( and probably its user ) has visited the website before .
This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see , and finding , the cookie left there on the last visit .
How does the BBC use cookies ?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience .
For example , if on a previous visit you went to our education pages , we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits .
The BBC uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users .
All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes ( see section 6 above ) .
Certain areas of BBC websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example , to help an online game work effectively on your device .
Additionally , BBC Worldwide uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising on bbc.com to non-UK users .
Further information , including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies , can be found in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
Third Party Cookies in embedded content on BBC pages Please note that during your visits to BBC websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the BBC or the BBC 's contractors .
When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Flickr , you may be presented with cookies from these websites .
The BBC does not control the dissemination of these cookies .
You should check the third party websites for more information about these .
Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content .
BBC cookies and how to reject cookies ?
Full information about how the BBC uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the BBC website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies , this means that certain personalised features can not then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites ' features .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time
so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the BBC .
The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page .
If you do not agree to these changes , please do not continue to use BBC websites to submit personal information to the BBC .
If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website .
Some areas , such as TV Licensing and BBC charity appeals have their own privacy and cookies policies which you should also read before submitting your personal information .
Go to the TV Licensing Privacy Policy to see how the BBC uses your personal information for TV Licensing purposes .
In relation to BBC Worldwide , this Privacy Policy only applies to its use of data collected via the international version of the BBC website , bbc.com , which is accessed by users from outside the UK .
For details of how BBC Worldwide uses personal information collected via its other international and UK services please see BBC Worldwide 's Privacy Policy If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy
please contact : The Data Protection Officer Room 2252 White City Building 201 Wood Lane London W12 7TS
( Email : dpa.officer @
If you are viewing the international version of this website , bbc.com , and you have any questions or comments about the Privacy Policy , please contact BBC Worldwide via email : dataprotection @
May 2012 Privacy Policy LiveScore , and its affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information .
During the process of delivering an information to you via our website , LiveScore does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name , address , phone number , or e-mail address .
However , LiveScore may or may not obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider youuse to connect to the Internet , your browser type , the type of computer operating system you use ( Macintosh or Windows , for example ) , or what screen resolution do you use .
The information collected by LiveScore is used for the purpose of improving your browsing experience on our website .
In some cases , you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a survey , registering for an online competiton , signing up for a newsletter or personalizing your LiveScore pages .
If this does occur , LiveScore will under no circumstances use such personal information for any purposes other than the ones you have provided them for .
LiveScore , as well as most sites on the Internet , uses " cookies " to enhance your experience on the web .
LiveScore can not use these cookies to personally identify you in any way .
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser from a World Wide Web Server .
This block of data can be anything , a unique user ID generated by the server , the current date and time , the IP Address of where the browser is logged onto the net or any other chunk of data that you want .
After a browser receives a cookie it will then send that cookie to the server that set it whenever it is appropriate and required/requested .
The browser will only send the cookie to the server that originally set it .
This means that the server ca n't tell if your browser has cookies that other sites have sent .
An HTTP Cookie can not be used to get data from your hard drive , get your email address or steal sensitive information about your person .
The LiveScore Web Server ( s ) will send a Cookie to a Client system when our adserver serves an ad in order to record unique ID associated with this ad so that should you decide to click on the ad , your browserknows which advertiser 's web page to redirect you to .
We may or may not also use cookies to enhance your experience on our website ( personalization, ... ) .
We believe cookies to be harmless , and will eventually be to everyone 's benefit ( end users , as well as site builders ) .
" Cookies can not be used to steal information about you or your computer system. "  
If you do not want the benefit of cookies , there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies .
Please consult your web browser 's Help documentation for more information .
LiveScore also works with some other third parties that serve ads to this site ( i.e. Doubleclick , Realmedia , 24/7 , Zedo, ... ) .
We only choose to use ad serving solutions of companies whose Privacy Policy is in line with ours and if you would like to find out more about how they manage the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site , or if you have any additional questions about our dedication to consumer privacy , please contact us at LiveScore FOX Sports Digital Privacy Policy Effective Date : November 15 , 2013 Table of Contents :
1 . INTRODUCTION 2 .
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION 3 .
NOTICE AND CHOICE 4 .
USE AND DISCLOSURE 5 .
CONTACT US Fox Sports Digital ( " FSD " ) , which is operated and controlled by Fox Networks Group , Inc. , has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect , use and disclose information .
This Privacy Policy applies to the sports-related websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , widgets , and other content and services that are linked to this Privacy Policy ( collectively , the " FSD Sites " ) , including Foxsports.com , Foxsoccer.com , Speed.com , FoxDeportes.com , and SoonerSports.tv .
By providing personal information to us and using the FSD Sites , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
To see a list of our affiliated companies ( " FSD Affiliates " ) click here .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the FSD Sites are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use some of the FSD Sites without being registered for a FSD Site and those who have registered for one or more FSD Site .
This Privacy Policy applies to FSD 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally FSD 's practices for handling non-personal information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
We work with Microsoft to bring you certain features for some of the FSD Sites .
By providing information to or using the FSD Sites , you agree that we may share your information with Microsoft .
Microsoft 's use of your information is governed by Microsoft 's Privacy Policy , which can be found here : http :
FSD and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : .
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for our FSD Sites , for example to create a FSD account , post comments , receive a newsletter or mobile alert , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code , birthday , and phone number .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the FSD Sites and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Social Media Information and Content .
If you access or log-in to a FSD Site through a social media service or another website , app , service or log-in ( " Other Service " ) , or connect a FSD Site to Other Services , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that Other Service , any information or content you have permitted the Other Service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends ' lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that Other Service ( collectively , " Social Media Information and Content " ) .
When you access the FSD Sites through Other Services , or when you connect a FSD Site to Other Services , you are authorizing FSD to collect , store , and use any and all Social Media Information and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you access and interact with the FSD Sites , we and our service providers may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the FSD Sites , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the FSD Sites from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device in order to provide the FSD Sites to it .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) , which are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier , may also be used .
Websites , apps , and services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSD Sites , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support the FSD Sites by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSD Site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
FSD does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
For more information about third party ad networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies , you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the FSD Sites .
Information from Other Sources .
To improve the quality of the FSD Sites , we and our service providers may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our FSD Affiliates or business partners .
Means of Notice and Choice .
This Privacy Policy and your account settings are the primary means by which FSD provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information .
FSD will not use your personal information in a manner that is new or unexpected without giving you a choice .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
FSD may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSD Sites .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
Location of Data Storage .
The FSD Sites are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The FSD Sites may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
FSD is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the FSD Sites via a link , enable an unaffiliated service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the unaffiliated service .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( " Payment Service " ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
We use the personal information and other information we collect from and about you for the following purposes : To provide and manage the FSD Sites .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the FSD Sites and features to you , including to measure and improve those FSD Sites and features , to personalize your experience with both online and off-line FSD Services by delivering relevant content , advertising and marketing messages , to allow you to comment on content , participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , and to respond to inquiries .
We may also use aggregate or anonymous data about your use of and activity on the FSD Sites to assist us in this regard .
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSD Sites .
FSD may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the FSD Sites .
These service providers are required to protect the personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and FSD .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log-in with or connect your social media account with a FSD Site , we will share your social media user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other FSD Sites ' users and with your friends associated with your social media account .
We will also share the same information with your social media account provider .
By logging-in with or connecting your FSD Sites account and your social media account , you are authorizing us to share information with your social media account provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the use of the shared information will be governed by the social media site 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media account with your FSD Sites account and do not participate in social sharing on the FSD Sites .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( " Co-Branded Services " ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSD Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
We and our service providers may use the information you provide to us , information we and our service providers collect about your use of the FSD Sites , and information that our service providers collect from your use of other websites and services through cookies and other technologies , to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the FSD Sites or Other Services .
As noted above , these third party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To find out more about third party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.about ads.info , and to opt out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices .
FSD may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or notifications related to the FSD Sites to the email address you provided to us at registration or for your account .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from a FSD Site , you can change your FSD account setting , or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email , or send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for " Privacy Policy matters " listed here .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the FSD Sites or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our Affiliates .
FSD may share your information with FSD Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
A link to a website that lists FSD Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy .
Users who visit FSD Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
FSD may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications , consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of FSD and others .
There may be instances when FSD may disclose your information without providing notice or choice , including situations where FSD has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of FSD , our FSD Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the FSD Sites or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If FSD sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , FSD may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
In some instances , we may combine that information with personal information , such as combining your zip code with your name .
If we combine this information with personal information , the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined .
FSD uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below .
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to have changed , whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database , or if you have other questions about your personal information .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSD Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for " Disclosure Opt-out " listed here , with " Disclosure Opt-out " in the subject line and your full name , email address , postal address and specific FSD Service you have subscribed to in the body of the email .
We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with Other Services .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( e.g. , social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the FSD Sites or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for " Privacy Policy matters " listed here .
Fdration Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) FIFA-Strasse 20 P.O .
For any definition used in this Privacy Policy , please refer to Our Terms located at http : //www.fifa.com/
Please read the following to learn more about Our Privacy Policy and the ways in which We use Your information before You proceed with use of the FIFA Digital Platforms .
This Privacy Policy has been drafted in English and has been translated in other languages .
In the event of any discrepancy between the English and the translated texts , the English text shall prevail and be used to solve doubts of interpretation .
Date of issue of this Privacy Policy : November 2013 YOUR INFORMATION IS PROCESSED IN SWITZERLAND , AND MAY BE STORED AND USED ELSEWHERE
DEPENDING ON THE LOCATION OF AFFILIATES , BUSINESS PARTNERS , AND OTHER ENTITIES
WHO ARE PERMITTED TO ACCESS SUCH INFORMATION UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY ( AND
LOCATIONS MAY INCLUDE COUNTRIES WHICH MAY NOT AFFORD THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTION OF SUCH DATA AS THE COUNTRY
FROM WHICH YOU PROVIDED THE INFORMATION ) .
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE FIFA DIGITAL PLATFORMS OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US , YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE TO THAT TRANSFER AND ANY RELATED PURPOSES .
The main reason why FIFA collects information is to provide and improve the FIFA Digital Platforms , Services , or FIFA Content , their features , to administer Your membership , and to enable Users to enjoy and easily navigate the FIFA Digital Platforms .
FIFA collects information when You register for an account and when You enter into transactions , promotions or sweepstakes .
The information collected may include but is not limited to the following personal information : email address , last name , first name , country of residence , date of birth , gender , screen name , password , and opt-in for game and FIFA Content preferences .
In order to process some of Your transactions through the FIFA Digital Platforms , We may also ask for Your credit card number and billing information .
When You visit the FIFA Digital Platforms , We will use cookies to collect information .
Cookies are small data files , which are transferred to a computer 's hard disk in order to memorize information like registration IDs and passwords .
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has originated , the " lifetime " of the cookie and various values .
We further utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the FIFA Digital Platforms , to better understand how You interact with the FIFA Digital Platforms and to monitor aggregate usage by FIFA Digital Platforms ' users and web traffic routing on the FIFA Digital Platforms .
Session ID cookies are , unlike persistent cookies , deleted from Your computer when You log off from the FIFA Digital Platforms and close Your browser or FIFA App .
Please note that You can always choose to block cookies by updating Your Web browser privacy settings .
To do so , You will have to access the Help menu in Your browser 's menu bar and search for the term cookies .
Please however take note that , if You block cookies , You may not be able to use all sections of the FIFA Digital Platforms or all functionality of the Services .
Other third parties that are presenting advertisements on or within the FIFA Digital Platforms may also set and use cookies to access Your computer .
Please refer specifically to each third party website and statements of privacy to understand their procedures for collecting , using and disclosing personal information through their cookies .
FIFA automatically collects some information about Your computer when You visit the FIFA Digital Platforms , regardless of whether You have registered for an account or not by just browsing Our servers .
For example , FIFA will collect Your IP address , Web browser software , and referring website .
We also may collect information about Your location or Your online activity on the FIFA Digital Platforms .
Collecting this information helps FIFA customize Your user experience and to monitor and analyze Your use of the FIFA Digital Platforms and the Services .
This information is also used for the FIFA Digital Platforms ' technical administration and for the optimization of the FIFA Digital Platforms ' usability and functionalities .
FIFA uses billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the transaction concluded on the FIFA Digital Platforms .
We use other information about You for the following general purposes : to provide You with the Services You request ; to manage Your account , including processing bills ; to communicate with You in general ; to respond to Your questions and comments ; to notify You about special offers that may be of interest to You ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce Our Terms located at http : //www.fifa.com/legal/tos.html ; and as otherwise described to You at the point of collection .
Aggregate information shall also be used to customize the advertising .
In using the FIFA Digital Platforms , You expressly entitle FIFA to collect and process Your information in particular for such marketing and customization of the Services .
You may always revoke Your consent by deleting Your account .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to FIFA .
Safeguarding information to help protect You from identity theft is a top priority .
We do not and will not , at any time , request Your credit card information , Your account ID , login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
FIFA may send information about You to third parties when : a ) We have Your consent to share the information ; or b ) We need to share Your information to provide the product or Service You have requested ; or c ) We provide the information to companies who work on behalf of FIFA under confidentiality agreements ; or d ) We respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ; or e )
We believe it is necessary , as determined in Our sole discretion , to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Our Terms located at http : //www.fifa.com/legal/tos.html , or as otherwise required by law .
We want You to feel confident about using the FIFA Digital Platforms .
For that reason , We have implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure Your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration or disclosure .
However , the Internet is an open system and We can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use Your information for improper purposes .
If You communicate with FIFA by email , You should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain .
By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted You accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet .
You are entitled to see the information held about You .
If You wish to do this , please use the contact form at http : //www.fifa.com/contact/form.html .
We may require You to provide verification of Your identity and to pay an administration fee to provide a copy of the information we hold .
Please note that in certain circumstances We may withhold access to Your information where We have the right to do so under current data protection legislation .
You may review , correct , update , change or delete Your personal information at any time by accessing Your account on The FIFA Digital Platforms .
We will accommodate Your request for deletion , if We do not have any legal obligation to retain the record ( for logged in Users : http :
//www.fifa.com/theclub/myprofile/profile/edit.htmx or through the FIFA App ) .
If any part of the FIFA Digital Platforms link to other websites , those websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
If You choose to visit an advertiser or click on another third party link , You will be directed to that third party 's website .
We do not exercise control over third party websites and therefore recommend You examine the privacy statements posted on these other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using and disclosing personal information .
We do not on purpose collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 , or ward under 13 , has provided Us with personal information without their consent , he or she should delete the account ( refer to : Updating/deleting Your information ) .
If We become aware that a child under 13 has provided Us with personal information without such consent , We will delete such information from Our files .
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time .
If We amend this Privacy Policy , We shall place an updated version on this page of the FIFA Website .
The FIFA Website and/or the FIFA App may also provide notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to You generally on or within the FIFA Digital Platforms .
This Privacy Policy and all matters arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the substantive laws of Switzerland , without regards to conflicts of laws and principles thereof .
Any controversy , claim or dispute between You and FIFA arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Commerce ( Handelsgericht ) of Zurich , and each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of such Court .
Your privacy is important to us .
This Privacy Policy governs the practices of NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC ( " NHL ICE " , the operator of NHL.com , NHL.tv and NHLNetwork.com ) and its affiliates , which include NHL Enterprises , L.P. , NHL Enterprises Canada , L.P. , NHL Enterprises B.V. and the National Hockey League ( collectively , the " NHL Parties " , " us " , " our " and " we " ) .
The NHL Parties are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us .
Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information .
The NHL Parties and their agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances .
For example , when you visit NHL.com or NHLNetwork.com , we may collect personal information from you such as name , home address , e-mail address , age , favorite NHL team , purchase history , products used or searched for , phone number used to call customer service and credit card information for purposes such as events and contests ; registrations for our newsletter , multimedia offerings such as NHL GameCenter LIVE , social media pages , chat rooms , bulletin boards and other public forums such as NHL Connect ; shopping in the shopping area at shop.nhl.com ( the " Shop " ) ; bidding on and purchasing items in the auction area at auction.nhl.com ( the " Auction Site " ) ; and participation in other promotions and interactive online activities .
We may collect personal information with your consent or as required or permitted by law .
Specifically with respect to the Shop , we may collect personal information , for example , when you register , sign in , search , purchase products , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service .
We may also automatically collect certain types of information , including the telephone number used to call customer service and , if you visit our Shop , information collected through " cookies " ( see below for more information about how we use cookies ) .
In addition a third party may actually operate the Shop and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Shop described in this Privacy Policy , and will collect personal information when you visit the Shop and in connection with processing transactions at the Shop .
The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop .
Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website .
Specifically with respect to the Auction Site , we may collect personal information ( including credit card information ) , for example , when you register , sign in , search , bid on or purchase products , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service .
We may also automatically collect certain types of information , including the email addressed used to contact customer service and , if you visit the Auction Site , information collected through " cookies " ( see below for more information about how we use cookies ) .
In addition a third party may actually operate the Auction Site and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Auction Site described in this Privacy Policy , and will collect personal information when you visit the Auction Site and in connection with processing transactions at the Auction Site ( which may include providing your personal information ( including credit card information ) to the vendors of the items you have bid on so that your purchase can be fulfilled ) .
Additionally , certain third parties ( such as companies that run certain fantasy games on the website , and/or companies that run certain public forums like NHL Connect ) may collect personal information from you and share some of the personal information with us .
On these parts of the website , you will see additional information about the privacy practices of the companies who actually collect the data , including information on how to opt out of having these companies use your personal information for purposes unrelated to providing you the services that you are requesting from the website .
These companies and not the NHL Parties are responsible for the treatment of your information by these companies .
Web sites of NHL member teams may also collect personal information from you .
These NHL member team web sites contain privacy polices ( sometimes referred to as privacy statements ) that you should review to understand how the applicable NHL member teams may use your information .
The NHL member teams and not the NHL Parties are responsible for the treatment of your information by the NHL member teams .
If you choose to register for any NHL member team web sites at the same time as you register for one of our web sites , the terms of the Privacy Policies for such NHL member team web sites are incorporated herein by reference .
We may use your personal information such as your name , home address and e-mail address to send marketing communications to you .
We may use other personal information you provide , such as your favorite NHL team , to send you particular communications that we believe will be of interest to you .
We may also share personal information amongst the NHL Parties and with the member teams of the National Hockey League for this same purpose .
The NHL teams have informed us that they will enable you to opt out of receiving information from them .
While most of our fans appreciate receiving marketing communications and having their personal information shared with NHL teams , we respect the right of each fan to control how his or her personal information is used .
If you do not want us to provide your personal information to our teams , or if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can opt out when the personal information is collected .
In addition , if you are receiving marketing communications from us and wish to unsubscribe , you can do so by following the opt out instructions contained in the marketing communications you receive from us .
For example , each of our marketing email messages contains an unsubscribe link that you can use to opt out of receiving marketing communications .
Additionally , you can opt not to receive information from the NHL Parties at any time by logging into your account at NHL.com and adjusting your email preferences by clicking on " MY ACCOUNT " or going to https :
/registeredfanemailpreferences.htm ; if you do not have an account at NHL.com , you can register at https :
//account.nhl.com/registeredfancreateaccount.htm , and then set your email preferences accordingly .
We may also use your personal information such as your name , home address and e-mail address to send you offers from our marketing partners and other business partners , and we may share such personal information with certain of these partners so that they may send you offers directly , if you have opted to receive information from such partners .
In addition , if you are a customer of our Shop residing in the U.S. , and have opted to have us do so , we may furnish your personal information to entities ( " Market Researchers " ) we believe to be trustworthy that may use this information to identify you as a prospect for one or more of the Market Researchers ' customers .
If they so identify you , they may provide and cross-reference information , including personally identifiable information , to certain of the Market Researchers ' customers , who may contact you regarding services or products that may be of interest to you .
If you have opted not to receive communications from us , we may share that information with third parties who send communications relating to our products or services to ensure that you do not receive those communications .
Personal information may be used or disclosed among the NHL Parties ( which includes organizations outside of Canada ) for internal audit , management , billing or administrative purposes .
We do provide personal information to agents who perform services for us or supply goods ( such as fulfillment companies ) , including companies outside Canada .
These agents are contractually prohibited from using the personal information for any purposes other than as directed by the NHL Parties , subject to requirements in relevant jurisdictions , including foreign jurisdictions , applicable to those organizations .
For example , we may also share your personal information such as name , address and telephone number with certain third parties such as manufacturers of products you purchase to complete or ship your order or assist manufacturers with your questions concerning products offered by the Shop .
Additionally , we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
We may also employ other companies ( including Market Researchers ) and individuals to perform functions such as fulfilling orders , customizing products , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , performing credit checks and approvals , detecting fraudulent orders , processing credit card payments , collecting on delinquent accounts and providing customer service , and we may share your personal information with these companies and individuals .
In addition , we may use information automatically collected from you , including the telephone number used to call customer service and information collected through cookies , for uses such as customer service and detection of fraudulent orders .
We may also use aggregated , non personally identifying information collected from you when shopping at the Shop to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to analyze site usage , improve our content and product offerings , and generally to improve the Shop and better tailor it to meet your needs .
Personal information may be used by the NHL Parties and disclosed to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing , securitization , insuring , sale , assignment or other disposal of all or part of the NHL Parties or our activities or assets , including for the purpose of permitting such parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with such transaction and to fulfill reporting , inspection or audit requirements or obligations to such parties .
In the event that all or part of the NHL Parties or our activities or assets is sold , assigned or otherwise disposed of , personal information we have collected will be used and disclosed by such parties for substantially the same purposes as described in this Privacy Policy .
We also use personal information for : maintaining records for reasonable periods , and generally managing and administering our activities ; meeting legal , regulatory , insurance , security and processing requirements ; and otherwise with consent or as permitted or required by law .
The NHL Parties may otherwise disclose personal information as necessary to meet legal , regulatory , insurance , audit and security requirements , with your consent , or as permitted or required by law .
If you would like more information on our personal information sharing practices or the choices you have with regard to your data , please email privacyemails @ nhl.com .
Note that a third party may actually operate the Shop and use and disclose your personal information for that purpose among other purposes .
The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop .
Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website .
NHL member teams may use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the privacy policies set forth on their web sites .
You should review the privacy policies for NHL member team web sites to understand how the NHL member teams may use your information .
The applicable NHL member team and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by such NHL member team .
From time to time , we may place a " cookie " on your computer .
Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies as well .
A cookie is a file written to your computer 's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage , such as your IP address , computer and connection information such as browser type and version , operating system and platform and domain name .
In addition , if you visit our Shop , we may also use cookies to collect information such as purchase history , Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) , clickstream to , through and from the Shop , including date and time , cookie number and products you viewed or searched for , as well as to hold selections in a shopping cart when you leave the Shop without checking out .
( Note that a third party may operate the Shop .
The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop .
Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website. )  
If you submit personal information to our web site ( such as your name , interests or preferences ) , we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits .
We use cookies to enable features such as our QuickPoll , our Shop , contest administration and for other internal site administration purposes .
In addition , our ad servers may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this and other web sites to customize delivery of advertisements to this and other web sites .
You may elect not to have such information used by our ad servers for such purpose by opting out at the web site located at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .
You may also set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies .
If you decline acceptance of cookies , however , you may experience less than optimal performance of our web site .
Web servers operated by us , and by third party service providers and advertisers , may automatically collect non-personal information about which pages you visit , as well as your IP address or domain name .
We may use this information for various purposes , such as tailoring our web site content , targeting promotional messages , and assessing the amount of traffic to various parts of our web site .
We may also provide this information on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers .
We use third party analytics service providers to analyze the user experience on our websites by incorporating tracking pixels , agents or any other visitor identification technology that collects anonymous data .
No personally identifiable information is ever collected from these analytics service providers .
This analysis is performed using anonymous data collected from our websites .
Consent may be given by your authorized representative ( such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney ) .
When you voluntarily provide us with your personal information , we assume you consent to its collection , use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as described at the time of collection , subject to any uses and disclosures you have opted not to participate in .
In some circumstances , we may expressly request your consent to the collection , use or disclosure of your personal information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information .
In some limited circumstances where permitted or required by law , we may collect , use or disclose your personal information without your consent , for example , to collect a debt that you owe to us , to comply with a court order or to comply with local or federal regulations or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency .
You may withdraw your consent to our collection , use and disclosure of personal information at any time , subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice .
Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information , we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services .
We have adopted reasonable security measures , appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information , against unauthorized access , disclosure , loss or destruction of personal information .
These measures may include technological , physical and organizational methods of security .
We maintain a file of the personal information you provide , which is accessible at NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC , 1185 Avenue of the Americas , 11th Floor , New York , NY 10036 .
Only authorized employees and agents of the NHL Parties who need access to your personal information in the course of their duties will have access to the information .
Upon written request , you have the right to access your file and to challenge or request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date personal information about you that is in our possession or control .
In some limited circumstances , we may not be able to grant you access to your information , for example , if doing so would threaten the security of another individual .
If you wish to access your personal information in the possession/control of the NHL Parties or make corrections to it , please send an e-mail to privacyemails @
If you have any comments , complaints or questions about our privacy or security practices or about your information that is in our possession/control , including its accuracy or integrity , or if you wish to change your preferences as to how we use the information , please send an e-mail to Privacy Director at privacyemails @
Please note that the nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com websites contains links to websites that are not operated by the NHL Parties .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites , and we recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each site that you use to confirm that the site 's policies are acceptable to you .
The nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com websites are operated by NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC , for the benefit of the National Hockey League member teams , our affiliates and corporate sponsors .
All questions about our policies related to children 's personal information and our personal information sharing practices should be directed to NHL ICE at privacyemails @ nhl.com .
Pursuant to California law , certain customers who are California residents have a right to prevent disclosure to third parties for their direct marketing purposes of the customer 's personal information that he/she provided to us .
Those customers may do so by filling out the form on http :
//nhl.ed4.net/enroll/login.cfm to update their profile , and we extend this right to all other customers as well .
Some web browsers may transmit do-not-track signals to the websites with which the user communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , and there currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization ( i.e. , the World Wide Web Consortium ) , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , although , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
The NHL Parties reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time .
If this Privacy Policy is modified , we will post the modified Privacy Policy and the date of the modification on this website .
Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms .
Your continued use of the nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time .
This Privacy Policy relates to all on-line and off-line activities of the NHL Parties .
We take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously .
It is the intention of NHL ICE , the operator of this website , and the other NHL Parties to fully comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Guidelines promulgated by the Children 's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau .
In general , we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 ( " children " ) via the website , and we use age screening mechanisms to help prevent children from posting personal information on the website , such as in our fan chat rooms .
We do not require children to register or to otherwise disclose personal information to participate in the activities in any KIDS section ( s ) of our website .
From time to time , we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests .
In those cases , the child will be asked only to provide an email address , as well as his or her parent 's email address .
Upon receipt of the information , we will send an email to the parent indicating that the child has registered , providing information on the program and giving instruction on how the parent can remove the child from the promotion or contest .
We will then use the information only to notify the contest winners and their parents that they have won .
We require that the winner 's parent provide us with all information needed to award the prize .
Information collected during the contest will not be used or stored after the contest ends , other than as needed for legal requirements in connection with the promotion .
In no event will NHL.com collect any personal information from children in connection with an on-line contest or promotion other than email address and parent 's email address .
In no event will NHL.com use the personal information other than for purposes of awarding contest prizes .
We may also post information on the website about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information ( such as home address or favorite hockey team ) to enter .
For these contests , children will be required to print a paper entry form from the website and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us .
Children are not permitted to independently provide personal information via the website or to enter these contests online .
The steps we will take to protect your privacy when using this website
In this Privacy Policy , any use of the words " you " , " yours " or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website whatsoever .
Terms such as " we " , " us , " our " or similar expressions shall mean the Football Association Premier League Limited .
We take the privacy of our fans , and those interested in this website , very seriously .
This Privacy Policy ( together with our Terms and Conditions ) explains the steps we will take in order to protect your privacy when using this website .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it .
We will ordinarily only use your personal information to send you information which you have requested or to otherwise respond to you .
Personal information means details such as your name , postal/email address , telephone number , and/or date of birth .
We also use and disclose general data regarding your information ( which does not identify you as an individual ) for the purpose of administering and developing the website .
All personal information you submit to us will be held in accordance with our responsibilities under the Data Protection Act 1998 and related legislation .
As a consequence we will not disclose this to any third party other than :  ( a ) as required as a matter of law ; ( b ) in the reasonable enforcement of our contractual rights ; ( c ) to identify or resolve technical problems arising from the use of the website ; ( d ) to deal with complaints from any party regarding the operation of the website ; ( e ) as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or in those parts of the Website where we collect your personal details .
We and/or our member Clubs may at times wish to use personal information supplied by you to inform you of news or offers which we think may be of interest to you .
In addition , we or the relevant Club ( s ) may also provide your personal information to appropriate and carefully selected third parties .
We will always ask for your consent before communicating with you or allowing the Clubs to communicate directly with you .
Please note that should you expressly consent to receive direct communication from a particular Club , you are also consenting to us passing your details on to that Club to enable them to do so .
At any stage subsequently you can also inform us that you no longer wish to receive information from us or third parties to which we have passed your data by clicking on the designated hyperlink at the bottom of the relevant communication .
If you have chosen to receive emails from a particular Club , your data will be passed onto that club accordingly , will be held in accordance with their privacy policy , and you should contact them directly if you no longer wish to receive communications .
Data stored on this website will be stored in a secure manner and we shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any such data can not be accessed by unauthorised third parties .
A cookie is a small file sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the web browser .
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy .
Any links to other websites on this website are outside of our control and are therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for the data protection or privacy policies of these websites and accept no responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites .
Due to the global nature of the internet , collecting personal data may involve it being transferred to and stored at countries both inside and outside of the European Economic Area .
By using this website and providing us with personal information , you consent to its transfer to other countries which may not enjoy the same data protection measures as the UK .
Where we have given you or you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
You may contact us at any time at info @
premierleague.com to ask us to delete any personal information which we hold about you .
We recommend that you should regularly review the personal information you have supplied to us to ensure that your information is correct and up to date .
You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal data that we may hold about you .
To obtain this , please contact info @
premierleague.com with your request .
We may charge a small fee to cover our administrative costs for providing this .
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page .
Questions , comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info @
premierleague.com or to the Football Association Premier League Limited , 30 Gloucester Place , London , W1U 8PL .
Privacy and cookies notice This privacy notice applies to the use of personal information by British Sky Broadcasting Limited and its group companies .
Any member of the British Sky Broadcasting group may use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information it holds about you for the purposes set out below .
Information you 've provided to us , including on our websites .
Information about our products and services you 've ordered or enquired about .
Information provided by other companies who 've obtained your permission to share information about you .
Information about the channels , programmes , advertisements and services you access , for example how you view , record or fast forward them .
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of Sky
and/or selected third party websites .
For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see the section on cookies .
Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites .
Technical information from your Sky device ( s ) relating to the service you receive , for example , the collection of diagnostic information .
In addition to using your information to provide you with requested products or services and general account management and the management of traffic across our network , we may also use your information in the following ways : To monitor and improve our products , services and websites .
We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions , and for fraud detection and prevention purposes .
If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified , the details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies .
Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information .
We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering , for example when : checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities ; managing credit and credit related accounts and facilities ; recovering debt ; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance ; or checking details of job applications and employees .
We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies .
Please contact us by emailing us at mysky @
bskyb.com if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies .
We may also share your information with other companies for debt recovery purposes .
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements ; to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party ; in the detection and prevention of fraud and other crimes ; and for the purpose of safeguarding national security .
We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this privacy notice .
Unless you 've asked us not to :  To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services .
To send you direct marketing .
This may include communications by post , telephone or email and if you 've a Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas
and/or Sky Bingo account , by SMS , about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including , where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a customer of ours .
To provide you with personalised services , such as providing you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising .
This means that we have your agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you .
To provide you with online behavioural advertising through the use of cookies when you visit our websites .
Marketing You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account .
You can also click on the " unsubscribe " link in direct marketing emails from us .
You can opt out of direct marketing altogether or you can choose between post , telephone and email .
Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and Sky Bingo customers can opt out of marketing SMS messages by replying " STOP "  Personalisation ( including tailored advertising )  
You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account .
Please note that if you opt out of personalisation you will not receive tailored advertising .
This means you will still see the same number of adverts but they will be ones that appear as standard .
If you do not want to receive online behavioural advertising , or do n't want any information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section on cookies .
You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in emails , or via your MySky account .
Any queries or comments about this privacy notice or for requests of copies of the information we hold about you should be sent to dp @ bskyb.com or to Customer Relations , Sky Subscriber Services Ltd , PO Box 43 , Livingston , West Lothian , EH54 7DD , UK .
Please ensure you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by contacting us on 08442 414141 or through MySky .
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents
How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies
Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting
Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy
Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information
For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand
This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada .
Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice .
Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information .
We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services .
For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines .
At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number .
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information .
back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest .
We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request .
They may contact you with special offers of possible interest .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account .
If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us .
You hereby consent to this .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request .
Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc .
We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf .
Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit .
To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person .
Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data .
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses .
back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  
As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here .
To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information .
You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information .
Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties .
By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties .
Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information .
Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements .
This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) .
For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page .
To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device .
Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services .
Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information .
We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered .
If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions .
Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device .
Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way .
Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings .
For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html .
HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities .
This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users .
Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past .
Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses .
A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above .
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf .
These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information .
We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content .
back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect .
No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen .
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates .
We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below .
At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records .
By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) .
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information .
Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction :
( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity .
Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements .
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws .
Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity .
Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above .
The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children .
For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested .
This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc .
The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc .
Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 .
PRIVACY POLICY Effective , November 2011
Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect , use , and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites , applications and services ( Services ) that are operated by , controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media , Inc. , including without limitation SB Nation and The Verge ( collectively , we , us or our ) .
This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us , write to us , or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services .
Because the Internet is global , information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to , processed in , and held in countries ( including the United States ) other than the one in which you reside .
By using the Services , you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how our users use the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Usage Data ) .
For example , each time you visit the Services we may automatically collect your IP address , browser and computer type , access time , the Web page you came from , the URL you go to next , and the Web page ( s ) that you access during your visit .
We will use such Usage Data to diagnose problems with our servers and software , to administer the Services , and to gather demographic information .
Our third-party advertising networks and servers will also provide us reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any individual .
You can visit the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Personal Information ) .
If , however , you wish to register to become a member of the Services , you are required to provide certain Personal Information ( e.g. , your name and e-mail address ) , and we ask that you also provide a user name and password .
We use your Personal Information to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve our Services , and to contact you from time to time about us , and our products and services .
You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself ( for example your gender , birth date , or zip code ) by which someone could not personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Non-Personal Information ) .
We may also collect additional information about you when you visit certain features of the Services or the pages of certain of our partners when you interact with offers and advertisements , when you contact us for support , when you log into the Services with your account , when you complete a survey , or when you enter promotions .
Finally , you may choose to submit your alias , bio , email , photos or any other information that you would like to share with other users of the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Shared Information ) .
Except as otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy , we will never share your Usage Data , Personal Information , Non-Personal Information , or Shared Information ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as User Information ) with any third party without your permission .
( b ) Advertisers .
From time to time , we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the Services to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you .
We will not share any such information , however , in a manner that would enable the advertiser to personally identify you .
( c ) Aggregated Data .
From time to time , we may share aggregated User Information with third parties .
We will not share any aggregated data , however , in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you .
( d ) Service Providers .
From time to time , we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us ( e.g. , data management and storage services or credit card processing services ) .
In those circumstances , we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services and require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information .
( e ) Other Disclosure Scenarios .
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary , we reserve the right , and you hereby expressly authorize us , to share any User Information : ( 1 ) in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish , protect , or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; ( 2 ) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , fraud , or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property ; ( 3 ) if we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services ' infrastructure or the Internet in general ( such as voluminous spamming , denial of service attacks , or attempts to compromise the security of information ) ; ( 4 ) to our parent company , subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under common control with us ( in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy ) ; and ( 5 ) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity .
If you identify any User Information as public , you are authorizing us to share such information publicly .
For example , you may elect to make certain Shared Information ( such as your alias , bio , email or photos ) publicly available .
Also , there may be areas of the Services ( e.g. , message boards , discussion rooms , and other online forums ) in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services .
By choosing to use these areas , you understand and agree that anyone may access , use , and disclose any information that you post to those areas .
We may set and access cookies on your computer .
Upon your first visit to the Services , a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser .
A " cookie " is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website .
Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users .
Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent ; however if you reject cookies , you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services .
We uses cookies for the following general purposes : ( a ) to track your preferences , such as the address or local zip code you enter ; ( b ) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content ; ( c ) to display the most appropriate advertisements , based on your interests and activity on our Services ; and ( d ) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services .
We may also use " pixel tags , " which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services .
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time ( and length of time ) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer .
We may use pixel tags , either provided by us or by our third party advertisers and ad networks , to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you .
We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services ( e.g. , sharing buttons ) to collect Non-
Personally Identifiable information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance of our Services , such as , web traffic , click-throughs , etc. , in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests .
We may use other companies under agreements with us to serve advertisements when you visit and use the Services .
These companies may collect and use click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie , a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags to collect this information .
None of them collect any personal information from your computer , such as your e-mail address .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies .
In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users , we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personal Information provided by our users , including zip code and profile .
We do not provide this Personal Information to our advertisers when you interact with such an advertisement .
However , please note that the advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category ; for example , an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on the Services from a particular geographic area .
You can learn more about the advertising companies we work with and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising by clicking here .
Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies .
We may from time to time offer certain location or pinpoint based services with our applications ( such as , GPS assisted navigation instruction , wireless tower location , triangulation or other available location technologies ) .
If you elect to use such location based services , we must periodically receive your location in order to provide such location-based services to you .
By using the applications ' location based services , you authorize us to : ( a ) locate your hardware ; ( b ) record , compile and display your location ; and ( c ) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications ( e.g. , settings , user preferences ) .
As part of the applications , we may also collect and store certain information about our users , such as , users ' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN and/or IMEI numbers ( as applicable ) and users ' network access identifier information .
This information will be used to provide you the services accessed through our applications .
We may use third party providers to help provide services through mobile systems and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us .
If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile .
Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request .
Even if you do take advantage of this opportunity , we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the Services ( e.g. , about changes to this Privacy Policy ) and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered .
If you would like to modify or delete from our database any User Information you previously submitted to us , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile .
Please note that any User Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request , and that if you delete certain information you may not be able to order services in the future without re-submitting such information .
Also , please note that we will maintain User Information in our database whenever we are required to do so by law .
We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss , misuse , or unauthorized access or disclosure .
Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your User Information , we can not guarantee its security .
The Services may contain links to other websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any information to such websites .
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests .
The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13 .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information , we will inform you of such change via email or by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services .
Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date set forth therein .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us by email at privacy @
Privacy Policy PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY ( THIS " PRIVACY POLICY " )
BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE , APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER MLB ADVANCED MEDIA , L.P .
MLB Advanced Media , L.P. is the organization that produces and publishes the Official Website of Major League Baseball , which encompasses MLB.com , the Official Websites of the thirty ( 30 ) Major League Baseball ( " MLB " )
Clubs , the Official Websites of certain other MLB-related properties ( collectively , this " Website " ) , downloadable mobile applications (
At the Ballpark ) available from third party application storefronts ( " Application ( s ) " " ) , mobile games available from third party application storefronts ( e.g. MLB.com
Beat the Streak , MLB.com ) ( " Mobile Games " ) and games and other applications available from third party social media locations and gaming websites ( " Social Games " ) .
This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website , the Applications , Mobile Games and the Social Games , all of which will be called " Services " throughout this Privacy Policy , and describes what information we collect , how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to your use of our Services .
How We Use and Share
Your Personal Information Additional Information About Collection of Location Data Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts Other Information Collected
And Shared Within Our Services .
Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared Managing Your Information Other Information Information
You may visit and enjoy many elements of our Services without disclosing any personal information about yourself .
However , to make use of select , special or enhanced elements of the Services , you will need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly .
When you use certain enhanced elements within our Services ( e.g. , create a profile , register for a promotion , make a purchase , or publish a comment ) , the personal information we collect may include , but is not limited to :  Full name , Email address , Password , Street address , Telephone number ( s ) , Birth date , Payment card information , Location data , Contacts ( as stored in your wireless device ) , Other personal data as detailed in this Privacy Policy and data that may be requested from and provided by you .
If we collect such information , in most instances , the applicable page ( s ) or location ( s ) within the Services will include statements regarding what information is required for the elements of the Services to function properly and functionality for you to submit the requested or required information .
In addition to the list above , there may also be opportunities for you to grant permission for use of other of your information in a manner set forth on the applicable page ( s ) within the Services .
If you submit personal information to us , or to any third party acting on our behalf , we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as disclosed when you first submit your information .
We will not sell , lease , publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We may use and share your personal information as described in Section 1 above and we may :  
Use your information to provide services you 've requested or provide you with offers , promotions ( e.g. , a sweepstakes , fantasy game , subscription to goods or services , etc. )  or content or add you to our postal mail list ; Share your information with certain third parties , including service providers , sponsors and promotional partners , so they may help us provide services , offers , promotions or content youve requested or otherwise in accordance with the applicable rules of a promotion or terms presented at the time you submit personal information , so the third party can administer the promotion , send you offers or content or add you to their postal mailing list ; Use and share your information with one or more MLB Clubs or entities , to the extent that you 've submitted information or accessed functionality or content that relates specifically to such Club ( s ) or entities ( e.g. , you 've asked to receive the newsletter of a Club or you 've purchased Club-specific merchandise ) , so they may learn more about fans like you , add you to the Club 's postal mail list and provide better services to you ;
Share your information upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Services where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party ; Use and share your information with our third-party survey partners to send you periodic surveys to help improve our Services or your MLB experience ; Use and share your information in connection with online loyalty , membership or rewards programs operated from our Services or with a third party from which you may receive goods or services in connection with such a program ; or Use and share your information with permission from you .
Location Data We Collect .
When you use our Service we may solicit your permission to collect your location data .
Please be advised , for some features within our Applications to function ( e.g. live MLB game video ) we must confirm your current location and therefore some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us .
The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors , including the device you are using ( e.g. laptop , smartphone , tablet ) and how you are connected to the internet ( e.g. via cable broadband connection , WiFi , etc. ) .
If you enable location services for our Applications , we may collect location data ( e.g. zip code ) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications .
We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you .
Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications ( e.g. , Apples iOS , Googles Android , Windows , etc. )  
you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Application ( s ) whether location data is collected .
Our Access to Your Contacts .
When you use our Mobile Games , we may solicit your permission to access your contacts list ( e.g. , address book ) so that we may match individuals from your contacts lists with those participating in our Mobile Games so you can invite your friends to play with and against you .
We will not store the information in your contacts list .
Our Cookies and Web Beacons We use and permit automatic methods such as cookies ( small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's or device 's hard drive ) , web beacons ( technology used to track activity , also known as pixel tags ) or similar technologies , alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us .
Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include , but is not limited to : personal information as authorized by you , the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet ; email address ; login name and password ; operating system type , version and computer or device platform ; purchase history ; the full Uniform Resource Locator clickstream to , on and from our Services , including date and time ; and products you viewed or searched .
We use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks and mouse-overs ) and methods used to browse away from a page .
We use and may allow certain third parties , such as those who provide services associated with our Services , to access these automatic data collection methods to enable you to use a " shopping cart " while using our Services , to store your preferences and to improve , deliver and customize our Services ' content and offerings .
Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons ; Network Advertisers
We allow select third parties , such as those who deliver advertisements , content , social networking or provide other services associated with our Services , to set cookies , web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the Services or certain emails sent by us .
Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as " network advertisers. "  
A permitted network advertiser may use cookies , web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with our Services in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within our Services and on other websites within such network advertiser 's ad network .
You may elect to opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers by clicking here .
If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers or make choices about their use of your information or find additional opt-out tools operated by advertising industry associations encompassing even more network advertisers , please click here .
Social Networking When using our Services or when using certain third party social networking services ( e.g. , Facebook , Twitter , Google + ) ( each and collectively , a " Social Network " )
, you may have the option to connect your Website , Application , Mobile Game or Social Game information and activity with your Social Network information and activity .
If you authorize such a connection , you permit us to share or publish information about your activity on our Services , with that Social Network and its users , and to access certain of your Social Network information , as disclosed by you at the time you consent to the connection .
Information we may share with a Social Network may include , but is not limited to : technical information about your Services activity , your Services comments or the videos you watch on our Services .
Information we may access about you , with your consent , from a Social Network may include , but is not limited to , your basic Social Network information , your location data , your list of contacts , friends or followers , and certain of your activities on the Social Network .
If you permit a connection between a Social Network and our Services , we ( and that Social Network ) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you .
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or connect to our Services .
When using our Mobile Games , we or our third party service provider may collect your unique device ID and share it on an aggregated and anonymous basis to help us understand our users and provide you a better experience .
The aggregated and anonymous data may also be used by our third party service provider in connection with its products and services .
If you wish to opt out of this anonymous data collection , please click here and follow the instructions .
We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties .
This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person .
As time passes , MLB Advanced Media , L.P. may be sold along with its assets , or other corporate transactions may occur .
In such a case , our customer information may be one of the business assets we transfer .
Disclosure for Legal Purposes .
We may be required to share your personal and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas , warrants or orders .
If we are required to do so , we will , of course , obey the law .
In addition , notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy , we reserve the right to use , disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person , violations of Terms of Use of any of our Services or as required by law .
You may choose and control what information you provide about yourself and certain information which is automatically collected via our Services .
If you do not wish to provide certain information necessary for enhanced functionality or content on our Services , please do not use such functionality or content .
If you have registered for an account through our Services , you may review and revise certain of your account information by clicking here to log in , and then navigating the left-hand menu options .
You may modify your subscriptions to our various promotional email communications and newsletters by accessing the " Email Subscriptions " section within your Website account .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a user to accept or reject most cookies .
Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website , called local shared objects or Flash cookies , may not be managed using the settings in your web browser .
Information on managing , accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website .
If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects , you may not be able to take advantage of certain Services .
If you want to review or revise the personal information you provided during registration or in connection with a purchase or other activity while using our Services , or change the promotional email communications or newsletters you receive from us , you may either ( 1 ) click here to log in , and then click on the applicable left-hand menu option , or ( 2 ) call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275 .
If you want to close your Website account and have us delete the personal information in it ( except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes ) , you should call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275 .
Remember that when you share information publicly online , it may be indexable by search engines or recorded by others , and any search engine index or record of your information may persist after you delete the information at the original source .
No Spyware or Adware .
We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Services , or distribute any commercial message , or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message , by means of spyware or adware . "
Spyware " or " adware " is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user 's computer or device , without the user 's actual consent , and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user .
If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine , there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred .
The account information associated with any of our Services is password protected for your privacy and security .
You choose your password for any of our Services so the strength of that password is determined by you .
We recommend that you choose a unique password and not share your password with anyone else .
In certain areas , we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions .
Our Services contain links to other websites and products produced by MLB Advanced Media , L.P. and to websites and products operated by unrelated third parties .
In addition , if you click on an advertisement within our Services , you may be directed to a web page within our Services or to a third-party website or product .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products , and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you .
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services , unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product , in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply .
Your California Privacy Rights .
If you are a resident of California , pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party 's direct marketing purposes .
Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
To make such a request please send an email to privacy @
website.mlb.com or write to us at :
MLB Advanced Media , L.P. , Privacy Administrator , 75 Ninth Avenue , New York , New York 10011 .
Because of federal law , we are not permitted to knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child 's parent or guardian .
The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen .
Some elements of our Services ( e.g. , shop , ticketing , and auctions ) require the submission of a payment card number along with personal information in connection with a purchase ; other elements of our Services ( e.g. , fantasy baseball ) require the submission of personal information to access or use the Services .
Except in certain cases where limited contact information may be collected and not retained , these elements of our Services are available to children under the age of thirteen .
If a child who we know to be under the age of thirteen and for whom we have not received parental consent attempts to utilize a service on our Services which is not available to children , he/she will not be able to access it and may receive a message which relays that he/she is not eligible for such feature .
Contact Us Regarding Privacy .
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us at :  MLB Advanced Media , L.P .
Privacy Administrator Address : 75 Ninth Avenue City : New York , State : New York Zip Code :
10011 Phone : ( 212 ) 485-6142 Fax : ( 212 ) 485-8111 Or send an email to privacy @
If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy , we will post a notification and link on our Website 's homepage and within our Applications , Mobile Games and Social Games so that you may review the updated policy .
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE : MAY 24 , 2013
UEFA Privacy Policy UEFA Union des Associations Europennes de Football Route de Genve 46 Case postale CH-1260 Nyon 2 Switzerland UEFA takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully to learn more about UEFA 's use of your personal identifying information that UEFA collect when you visit UEFA 's official website at www.uefa.com ( hereinafter referred to as : the " Website " ) .
UEFA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy covers UEFA 's treatment of personal identifying information that UEFA collects when you are on the Website and when you use services on the Website , as described in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy also covers UEFA 's treatment of any personal identifying information that UEFA 's business partners share with UEFA unless otherwise stated .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any companies or legal entities that UEFA does not own or control or to any persons that UEFA does not employ or manage , including without limitation third-party advertisers or sponsors to whom you provide information .
UEFA is not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from the Website , and UEFA encourages you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect , use and share information .
UEFA does not collect personal identifying information when you access the Website homepage and browse the Website without disclosing your personal data except as described in this Privacy Policy or the relevant part of the Website and except cookies ( see below under " cookies " ) .
UEFA collects personal identifying information when you register on the Website , when you use certain products or services on the Website and when you enter promotions , sweepstakes or similar services sponsored by UEFA or its business partners .
UEFA may also receive personal identifying information from its business partners .
When you register , UEFA asks for your name , email address , and some other personal information .
Once you register with UEFA and/or sign in to our products or services , you are not anonymous to UEFA .
In case you signing in via your Facebook authentication services ( Facebook account ) , UEFA may receive some information from Facebook , but you remain solely responsible for your whole relationship with Facebook , including , without limitation , any content on the Facebook website .
In case you terminate your membership with Facebook and/or terminate the links between Facebook and our Website , UEFA will delete all data received from Facebook concerning you if you ask UEFA to do so .
You can do so using the same easy way as for the ability to access your personal identifying information as defined in this Policy .
Further , Facebook may require UEFA to delete data received from Facebook API in case of violation of their terms .
If Facebook will disable any links to our website , UEFA will delete all your date received through the use of the Facebook API , unless it is a basic account information or UEFA have received explicit consent from you to retain your data .
UEFA also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your Internet Protocol address ( IP address ) , which identifies your computer , UEFA 's cookies information and the page you requested .
UEFA uses information collected for three general purposes : for technical administration of the Website , for research and development to achieve and maintain a high service level and for customer information ( to customise the content you see , to fulfil your request for certain products and services and to contact you about specials and new products and services ) .
UEFA will not sell or rent your personal identifying information without your consent .
UEFA may send personal identifying information about you to third parties when : UEFA has your consent to share the information ; UEFA needs to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested ; UEFA needs to send the information to third parties who work on behalf of UEFA to provide a product or service to you ( unless otherwise stated so , these third parties do not have any rights to use the personal identifying information UEFA provides to them beyond what is necessary to provide a product or service to you ) ; UEFA responds to courts or authorities ; UEFA finds that your actions on the Website violate UEFA Website Terms and Conditions of Use or any other UEFA 's guidelines or rules applicable for specific services ; or UEFA finds that it is necessary , as determined in UEFA 's sole discretion , to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any persons , violations to UEFA 's terms of use or as otherwise required by law .
UEFA may set and access UEFA 's cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computer and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
UEFA uses its own cookies for number of purposes , mainly to : access your information when you " sign in " , so that we can provide you with customized content ; keep track of preferences
you specify while you are using UEFA services ; estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ; conduct research and development to improve the Website contents and services and achieve and maintain a high service level .
UEFA may allow third parties that are presenting promotions or researching users response to advertisement on some of our pages to set and access their own cookies on your computer .
Third parties ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this one .
UEFA does not knowingly collect personal data from children .
UEFA does not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal identifying information to UEFA .
Access to your personal identifying information UEFA gives you the ability to access your personal identifying information by sending us an email including in the title of the email the reference to personal identifying information at info @ uefa.com .
UEFA allows you to challenge the data that it holds about you and you may have such data rectified , amended or completed .
If you communicate with UEFA by email , you should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain .
By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted you accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet .
In certain areas , UEFA uses industry standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions .
Generally , UEFA takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft , and misuse , as well as against unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
This policy may be amended from time to time .
If we amend the Privacy Policy in any way we will place an updated version on this page of the Website .
Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we will share it with other parties .
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website .
Updating your information You may review , correct , update or change your personal information at any time by accessing your account on uefa.com .
UEFA is subject to Swiss data protection laws when collecting and processing personal identifying information .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy , please click here .
UEFA.com 1998-2012 .
UEFA.com 1998-2013 .
Last updated : 15/11/12 15.54CET World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc .
Updated January 3 , 2014
The website you have entered is owned and operated by , or on behalf of , WWE , Inc. or its affiliates ( collectively , " WWE " , " we " or " us " ) .
Please note that this Privacy Policy contains capitalized words or phrases .
These words and phrases are defined terms .
Their definitions are found either in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms and Conditions of Use ( " Terms of Use " ) .
To help you use this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use we have made some words , phrases and headings into hyperlinks .
These words , phrases and headings have color highlighting .
WWE wants to help you make the most of your visit to our websites , and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy .
Most of the features on our websites are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you , however some features require you to provide your Personal Information .
For example , when you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service ( such as in the WWE Shop ) , you are required to submit Personal Information in connection with our providing various products and services to you .
You may also submit content of your own in areas of our websites and some of that User-Generated Content may contain Personal Information .
For those areas of our websites and services that do require us to collect Personal Information or allow voluntary submission of Personal Information , this Privacy Policy will offer suggestions on how to make good decisions for yourself and your family .
This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect , use , share , and safeguard information from this website , and in connection with WWE Magazine subscriptions ( whether through the websites , or otherwise ) .
The Personal Information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our websites or use the various products or services we offer .
This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our websites , and how to correct , change or delete information you have already provided to us .
By using this website , you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use our websites .
As used in this Privacy Policy , " Personal Information " means any information by which a particular natural person is reasonably identifiable .
Personal Information includes , for example a first name or initial and last name ; a home or other physical address ; a date of birth ; an email address or other online contact information ; or a telephone number .
When Personal Information is collected , you will know because you will be providing it to us ; for example , you may fill out a form on the website or submit information via your account or profile , or in connection with requesting various products or services .
When you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service , we will also collect additional Personal Information such as your credit or debit card information or information concerning any other payment mechanism we accept ( " Payment Information " ) .
We will use Payment Information only as described in this Privacy Policy to process and complete the transactions you have requested .
WWE is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children who may visit our websites .
We encourage parents to spend time online with their children , become familiar with the features of our websites and participate in the activities offered on our websites .
For more information on getting involved in your children 's online activities , please go to our WWE Parents site .
Our protections for the privacy of children include the following :  We do not knowingly solicit , collect , use or retain any Personal Information , for any purpose whatsoever ( including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes ) , from visitors to this website who are age 12 or younger .
In addition , we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention .
We do not allow visitors who we know to be age 12 or younger to be listed in any directory of registered users , to participate in any of our chat services , to register for contests , sweepstakes , promotions , or newsletters , or to receive direct marketing from WWE or from our third-party affiliates or service or product providers .
We do collect Personal Information as part of registration processes so that users can obtain certain services , such as newsletters , and so that they can set up accounts or profiles .
No person may open such accounts or profiles if he or she is age 12 or younger .
We do not knowingly allow such persons to register and our websites may employ features and procedures that are intended to help prevent under-age registrations .
If we believe that a person who is age 12 or younger has registered with us or set up a profile , account , or has otherwise violated our age-related requirements for a profile , we will terminate that registration and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to delete any Personal Information we have obtained , including all content from any profile or account .
However , in such cases we may retain a copy of the deleted content for law enforcement and regulatory purposes and to protect WWE .
We recommend that minors who are age 13 or older consult with their parents before sending any information about themselves over the internet .
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our websites , we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services
( see Opt-Out below ) .
We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children .
WWE collects Personal Information from visitors to our websites in a number of ways .
These include the following :  Subscriptions to our free newsletters , which include updates , special offers and promotions from WWE 's various entities , subsidiaries , and affiliates .
Participation in contests and sweepstakes .
Registrations to receive free downloadable desktop applications ( e.g. , screensavers ) .
Registrations to participate in chat services ( such as WWE.com chat and Pay Per View chats ) , message boards and the gaming area .
Registrations to send electronic greeting cards .
Registrations for individual accounts or profiles .
Purchases of merchandise , magazine subscriptions , Streaming Pay Per View events , and transactions where home delivery is required .
E-mail transmitted via various links on our websites .
The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary ; however , if you do not provide the Personal Information requested , we may elect to not make the related services available for your use .
If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal Information , we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and , if appropriate , share it with other interested parties ( such as manufacturers of merchandise you have purchased from a website ) .
If you send us an e-mail , you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
So , if your communication needs to include sensitive information like your Payment Information or social security number , please contact us by postal mail or telephone ( see contact us below ) rather than e-mail .
WWE also collects Personal Information from individuals who subscribe to our magazines , whether this is done online , over the phone , by mail , etc .
We must collect certain Personal Information , such as names and addresses , to provide subscriptions .
In order to track your use of our websites , " cookies " are employed .
We - and our affiliates and advertising partners - use two types of cookies -- so-called " browser cookies " and " Flash cookies " .
Browser cookies ( also called " HTTP cookies " ) are pieces of information that are sent by websites and stored in your computer 's hard drive , which provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer to save you from having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our websites .
They also allow us and our affiliates and advertising partners to learn how visitors use our websites .
This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by tallying pages viewed throughout our websites and logging Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) addresses , browser types , general geographic origin of access to our websites and similar usage data .
Flash cookies ( also called " Locally Shared Objects " or " LSOs " ) are also used to remember settings and preferences and to track usage .
However , Flash cookies are stored differently on your hard drive and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser .
In general , Flash cookies are more persistent and can store more data that browser cookies .
Our websites may use other technologies such as pixel tags , web beacons , or other forms of local storage , including HTML5 local storage ( collectively , " other technologies " ) in order to collect and track information about individuals to our websites .
Information collected from these types of technologies , and from cookies and Flash cookies , is collectively referred to as " website usage data. "  
Website usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors ' interests and to help our affiliates and advertisers better understand the preferences of our audience .
Providing website usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible .
In general , website usage data information does not identify you , although we may combine this website usage data with Personal Information under this Policy .
Our third-party advertisers also may place , access or recognize a browser or Flash cookie on your hard drive or use other technologies to collect and track information about you in order to serve the most appropriate advertisements .
Advertisers may use browser or Flash cookies and other technologies in manners that are not fully described in this policy , and we make no promises about how they use them .
If you do not want to receive browser cookies , you may be able to set your browser to reject them .
If you wish to disable or delete Flash cookies , you should consult the Help file for your Flash application , and/or visit http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html .
However , if you turn cookies off ( whether browser or Flash cookies ) , you may not have access to some WWE features and services .
The other technologies that our websites may not be able to be disabled ; if you are concerned about this , you should not use our websites .
All Personal Information that WWE collects at our websites is transferred to , and accessed from , jurisdictions including the United States .
By using this website and/or by submitting Personal Information to this website , you consent to having your information transferred to , and accessed from , any location worldwide , including the United States .
You also consent to having your Personal Information processed and maintained in any location worldwide , including the United States .
You acknowledge that other jurisdictions may have laws that are different than the law of your home country .
We limit the manner in which your Personal and Payment Information is used .
We will use the Personal and Payment Information you provide only in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
If we obtain Personal or Payment Information from a third party , such as a business partner , our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy .
We use Personal and Payment Information for purposes such as : providing you the products and services you want ; administering or enforcing transactions you have requested ; protecting your accounts from fraud , unauthorized access , or identity theft ; verifying your identity in connection with transactions you have requested ; and managing our business and protect our interests .
We also use Personal Information ( but not Payment Information ) to better understand and serve the needs of the WWE community , and to provide news and information to community members on new content , products services , and features of WWE and/or our websites including , without limitation , via direct e-mail .
If you have registered with us and do not want to be contacted in the future by WWE or our advertising partners , please see Opt-Out below .
We may share Personal and Payment Information with our service providers to assist us with any of the purposes set forth above ( which , for example , might include disclosures to attorneys , accountants , auditors , credit bureaus , data processors and technical systems consultants ) to the extent necessary or appropriate for them to perform their services to us .
In that connection , we may report information about your account ( s ) to credit bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies .
By way of example , if you order a product or service from us or register for one of our contests , promotions , or interactive services , WWE may share Personal Information with other service providers , suppliers and other third parties ( for example , sweepstakes sponsors or delivery services ) that assist us in operating the websites or providing the products or services .
Please note that we will release your Personal or Payment Information if required to do so by law , search warrant , subpoena , court order or other legal process .
WWE may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to detect or prevent fraud or to protect the rights , property , health or personal safety of WWE , WWE employees , our third party licensors , customers or the public .
We may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if you or your legal representative authorizes us to so
or if it is necessary to perform credit checks or collect or report debts owed to us .
WWE reserves the right to transfer any Personal or Payment Information in the event we transfer all or a portion of our business or assets , such as bankruptcy , dissolution , merger or acquisition .
If such a transfer should occur , the privacy policy of another company may supplant our policy .
However , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee uses Personal or Payment Information in a manner that is consistent with our policy .
Our websites contain or may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites , some of which may display WWE 's logos or other WWE content .
These websites may have privacy policies ; however , all of these websites and their privacy policies are independent of our websites or this Privacy Policy .
WWE is not responsible for compliance with other websites ' privacy policies or data collection practices .
You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these websites .
Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to you by DoubleClick , or by other third party advertising companies .
Information about your visits to our websites and third party websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad , date/time at which the ads were shown , the advertisers ' cookies ( browser or Flash ) or other technologies , and the IP address of the computer you use is used to serve ads to you on our websites .
We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by our third party advertising companies .
We share website usage information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our purposes , and for their purposes , which include - for example - managing and targeting advertisements , measuring their effectiveness , and for market research analysis .
For these purposes , we and third-party advertising companies we use may note the pages you visit on our sites .
For more information about DoubleClick please see http : //www.google.com/doubleclick/ and http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ .
We will use or retain your Personal Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
In general , we strive to keep personal Information only for so long as is needed to fulfill your requests , support the services you have requested , process your orders , or comply with the law , although we reserve the right to keep it for a longer period of time .
We take what we believe to be commercially reasonable physical , administrative and technical precautions to keep your Personal Information secure , including the use of Transport Layer Security technology ( formerly referred to as secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) technology ) to help protect the transmission of Payment Information and other Personal Information you provide in connection with our services as well as purchases , paid subscriptions or other similar transactions .
In general , features on our websites requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving updates , special offers , promotions , marketing or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates or advertising partners by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the e-mail communications you receive .
In addition , if after registering , you would no longer like to receive any such information , send an e-mail by clicking here and completing the web form .
Indicate your preference to " unsubscribe , " and we will remove you from our list .
Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail , so that we can remove that information from our list .
If you are a WWE Magazine subscriber and you do not want to receive updates , special offers , or promotions from WWE and third party advertising partners , please indicate this preference using the webform referenced above , and provide your name and the address at which you receive the WWE Magazine so that we can remove them from our list .
You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered for more than one of our features or services .
You may be able to opt-out of some advertisers ' placement and use of cookies on your computer by visiting the NAI gateway opt-out site but not all advertisers that are used on our websites participate in the NAI opt-out program .
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site .
This site will also allow you to review some third party advertising companies ' privacy policies .
If you believe your child ( age 12 or younger ) has provided us with Personal Information and/or is receiving access to certain features or services , including marketing communications , we invite you to notify us via e-mail by clicking here .
We will endeavor to delete this Personal Information and/or discontinue your child 's access to the related features or services .
If you would like to know what Personal Information WWE has concerning you , send an e-mail by clicking here .
We will be in contact with you ( by mail or otherwise ) to verify your identity and provide you the information you request .
If you would like to correct , update or delete your Personal Information , including providing a new e-mail address , send an e-mail by clicking here .
Please be sure to include your old e-mail address .
However , any information that has been posted as a comment or blog , gallery , or forum entry can not be deleted by users .
WWE reserves the right to delete any User-Generated Content that it determines is no longer of relevance to the community , to free up memory or for any other reason in its discretion .
WWE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here and we will change the " Updated " date at the top of this page .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed .
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail by clicking here .
You may also contact at us by postal mail or telephone at :  WWE Member Services 1241 East Main Street Stamford , CT 06902 ( 203 ) 352-8600 If you wish to lodge a complaint about any conduct that you believe is not consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy , please contact : WWE Member Services 1241 East Main Street Stamford , CT 06902
( 203 ) 352-8600 Send an e-mail by clicking here .
Full Privacy Policy Last updated : December , 3 2013 This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of NBCUniversal Media LLC including our affiliate companies ( " NBCUniversal " , " we " , " our " or " us " ) .
You can find information about NBCUniversal , including our affiliates , here .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose and transfer the information you provide when you interact with us including ( but not limited to ) via our websites , downloadable applications , such as games , interactive TV and Mobile Apps ( as defined below ) that link to this policy ( " online services " ) .
This policy only applies to those online services that link to this policy .
This policy also tells you how we use tracking technologies , cookies and browsing data we collect from your use of the online services , the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through the online services , and how you can contact us if you have any questions regarding the online services ( including if you want to unsubscribe from our services or update your contact details ) .
WE COLLECT HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION CHILDREN
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES MOBILE APPS
INFORMATION UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US
When you use the online services , you are contracting with NBCUniversal .
If you reside outside of the United States , NBCUniversal is your data controller .
By using the online services , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services which take your interests and preferences into account , as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests .
There are two main types of information we collect about our online users : Information that identifies you : This is commonly referred to as ' personal information ' and includes , for example , information that you provide to us such as your name , home address , telephone number , e-mail address or payment information ( including your credit card number ) , photos or video footage of you ; and Information that relates to you , but on its own does not identify you : Such as information about your Internet connection , the equipment you use to access our online services and information relating to your usage of those services .
There are six main categories of information we collect about our online services users that include ( but are not limited to ) the following : Contact/Registration information : for example , your telephone number or e-mail address , where you have subscribed to a service such as program updates ; name , age , gender or interests when you register for an account on one of our online services ; delivery address where you are buying a product or service through an online service ; or your age , location or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstake offered through the online services .
Transaction information : when you order products or services through the online services , you may provide information such as your credit / debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction .
Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums : including your username , images or videos .
Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums , as information posted to these portions of the online services is public information .
Information about your equipment : for example , the type and version of your device 's operating system or web browser .
Information about your interactions with the online services : for example , your Internet protocol or ( IP ) address , pages that you visit within the online services , gameplay data or other information collected through Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data : if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in ( for example , a Facebook " like " button ) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile ( such as your name , email address , your friend list , photo , gender , location , birthday , social networking ID , current city , the people/sites you follow , and so forth ) .
If you do n't want a social network to collect the information about you as described above , or you do n't want to a social network to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services .
We may also receive other information ( e.g. , content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , etc. )  from your interaction with the online services .
You agree that we may share your video viewing with , or obtain information about your video viewing from , third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent.
The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your NBCUniversal account and authorizing us to have access to this information , you agree that we may collect , use , and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We collect your information when you use our online services in three main ways : Directly from you , when you provide it to us : for example , when you request products or services from us , when you register with us , respond to surveys , contact us or otherwise interact with us .
Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in , they may share information with us as if they were you , and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us .
To protect your privacy , please log out from the online services you use from shared devices .
Automatically , when you use our online services : we collect information through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies and when you download our Mobile Apps .
Please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and Mobile Apps pages for further information , including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies .
From third parties including social networks , from publicly available records and from our trusted business partners .
We use information to : provide the services you have requested ; create an online services account if you have requested one ; personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates , including providing personalized advertising on some online services ( see options for opting-out of personalized advertising here ) ; respond to your inquiries , requests , and comments ; allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services , where you choose to do so ; provide technical support for the online services ; prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) on the online services ; protect the safety of users and others on the online services ; enforce our online services ' terms of service ; understand how online services are used so that we can continuously improve them , and the services we provide to you ; send you service-related communications , including announcements and administrative messages ; and send you newsletters and information about products , services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with , in accordance with your communication preferences .
